Mental Health Awareness Month: I have schizoaffective bipolar type and I just graduated with my BA in English (Magna Cum Laude) at age 28 after dropping out of high school and having intermittently relapsed into psychosis for a duration of 8 hospitalizations. With loving support success is possible
PREACH
3 weeks clean. I've painted every time I had a major craving. I'm up to 95 canvases. So an average of 4.5 a day.
TODAY I AM 5 YEARS SELF HARM FREE
Me irl
27 days cut free and I trusted myself long enough to shave my legs. I am smoooooooooth. And no nicks!
This is what suicidal looks like
This hits close to home
A comic for people worried about starting medication
Dont forget to take your meds
Aspergers Syndrome in a nutshell:
My life
Well, this is appropriate here.
YAY
This checklist has helped me through some tough times, so I thought I'd pass it on.
True
Emotion Color Wheel. My therapist gave me this as a visual aid; it helps me to figure out what I'm feeling in the midst of panic attacks. I hope it helps you as well.
Me with work.
2 nights ago I lost my best friend, my father, to his mental health issues. I just pray he is finally at peace. Please always reach out to your loved ones who struggle with depression and remind them that they are never alone. Love you forever daddy.
My reason for getting out of bed every morning...
It’s nights like tonight.. I wanted to cut so bad and instead I just wrote I love myself.
Saw this whilst taking a comfort stop
Depressive Logical Mistakes.
I asked Dan Harmon for advice on dealing with depression, and he was kind enough to deliver
It’s hard, but we can do this!
Does anyone grieve the potential they had but lost to mental illness?
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shares about dealing with depression: "Make sure you're talking to good people about it. No shame in getting help and wanting to be better."
Sometimes we need to laugh at our struggles. I hope you all are feeling well today.
Pretty Ugly
First post. I’ve struggled with depression for over 12 years and I rarely put actual emotion, and pain into my art. Last week I completed my first attempt at expressing how I feel waking up lately, struggling with my depression and suicidal thoughts. Here it is: “The Hand I Was Dealt”
In love with this, thought it might validate a few others as well! Artist is Megan Fabbri, she's very talented and fun
“How’s is your everyday?”
Depression and anxiety dominate my life but fuel my creativity
True
Anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you can't find any enemies.
Even if it doesn't go away, you can get better at dealing with it
Everytime I talk to a mental health provider about anything
Is there a name for something from this meme/tweet
40 days hurt free. My urges are still strong, but I'm doing ok.
Who can relate?
depression fuels my creative spirit!
Andy Richter’s response to “Depression is a choice.” Nailed it.
5 days blade free. I forced myself to use colours. Hopefully it will brighten your day, somewhat.
Let's love ourselves as well as each other. (x-post blackpeopletwitter)
Just about sums it up
Today, I managed.
This mirror constantly made me feel like shit. Olanzapine and effexor has ruined my skin and I've put on a decent amount of weight. I hate what was looking back at me. So I did the only thing I can do well. Painted the mirror. I hate it less now.
Allies in this
Anyone slowly realize they were very talented at something just to have mental illness destroy everything?
Had hours long panic attack and rough therapy session, came home to this.
Friendly reminder: just because you feel fine on your meds, doesn't mean you'll feel the same without them.
Have severe depression, made this for my husband with severe adhd
I want to hug everyone that's hurting right now and tell them that we all will make it through.
You just have to take each day as it comes.
Words to live by ~ Anthony Hopkins
Posted on r/incels this is where I draw the fucking line. Just because you think you have it worse doesn’t mean other people have it better. Hating women to the extent that you belittle their struggles is fucked up
i have insanely horrible Major Depressive Disorder & if you watched this video of me playing music terribly it would make me happy
I need to tell you something
I ate and didn't purge for the first time in 2 weeks. So happy!
People don't realise how lucky they are to have good mental health
[humour] coping mechanism
Try you’re best to believe it- I’m still struggling to
There’s something beautiful about this quote
Via /r/me_irl
Finally qualify for a PTSD/Depression service dog. I meet this sweet girl on Tuesday.
Greece: Can you help us get front page? Mental institutions all around Greece haven't been paid for 17 months.
Because having a mental illness is so fun and relatable
So... I just got ripped off during a drug deal gone wrong. And I'm done.
The realist shit that was ever said! I would love to retweet and quote this tweet, but some knob doesn't like when I moan on my twitter about my mental health, so I will share on here and my private one. Much love 🖤
Has anyone else found that animals make their depression a lot better? I'm living away from home and have depression badly. I've since fostered these 2 and the distraction and their characters have made me feel happier. Reminds me of home and gives me something happy to think about.
Anyone else high functioning and feel like they arent taken seriously?
I got a job!
The result of my first art therapy class. I was surprised that it actually made me feel a bit better to just sit and paint for a while without any distractions.
I got out of bed today. I ended up staying out of bed. Progress.
3yo Survives On Bread And Butter For 4 Days After Mum Kills Herself At Home
how to know if you've taken your medication (found on tumblr)
Starting over tomorrow
Lifelines. I feel disconnected from the place that I call home.
To everyone.
I crossed paths with a snowman I can really relate to. The worried, baffled facial expression really speaks to me.
Does anyone feel like they just want to go home?
The gang
Thinking about this gives me hope.
When I get into a really bad place or have to go to hospital, she always tries to cheer me up. This is my favorite.
Guys. I’m not doing okay. Someone tell me I’ll be okay please 😥
The worst part of struggling mentally because you don't feel financial progress in your life is the fact that you can't take a mental health day because that sets you back farther.
i'm diagnosed with panic disorder, PTSD, narcolepsy, and depression. today, i got into stanford's (ranked #4) and delaware's (ranked #5) chemical engineering PhD programs.
People
When Trump blames mass shootings on mental health problems
my Semicolon Movement cattoo
A friend of mine put a call out for people to send 10-second videos showing their experience with Mental Illness. Myself and another friend of mine submitted vids to help her out. What she did with it has me in tears.
Those of you in a bout of depression - please take a shower!
it is catchy
I deactivated Facebook!
If all you did in 2017 was survive its ok
Why Being Mentally Ill Is Harder Than Becoming a Navy Seal
Your one goal today is to be nice to yourself.
Spent the evening depressed starting at the wall, but my floof was right there with me
My mum doesn't have an eating disorder but has been a chronic dieter for years. She helps me so much in my ED recovery, when I saw this sitting out in her bathroom, I just had to...
Doing a series on mental health, starting with my own. Depression (top left), Anxiety (bottom left), and Bipolar (right)
After many years of what seems like avoiding myself, I decided the first thing I would do was take a picture of myself I could actually stand to look at. If lost for a place to start, this got me moving.
Surge. 1 week clean today!
Just thought I'd share this...
This is problematic
I met my new psychiatrist yesterday. I told the complete and utter truth for the first time ever. Voices, hallucinations. The lot.
Anti- Self harm App
Art by owlturd
My cat is my everything. She helps me so much when I’m depressed 💜
There's no stigma toward mental illness. Only a blatant disregard. People don't care to try to understand what they don't experience.
At the request of my therapist, I drew what I was feeling during an episode of Depersonalization
Although I'm usually of the mindset 'can't do it, why try?' I tried!! And I'm quite pleased by my first ever painting effort
I cleaned the bathroom today
Respect
Pretty close to my experience
Reminder to all of you that no matter what your struggling with you’ve come this far and you’ve got this!💪
I lost against my GFs depression and am so sorry...
I. AM. TRYING.
My name is Wil Wheaton. I live with chronic Depression, and I am not ashamed.
After 4 months of these dirty dishes cluttering up my kitchen, I have finally begun to clean
A Reminder That Carrie Fisher Was An O.G. Mental Health Hero
My partner recently took her life after an extended battle with mental illlness
I can tell he's worried about me. Probably rightfully so.
Ladies and gentlemen, you’re now experiencing an emotional turbulence. Please buckle up and relax; it will be over shortly. Sorry for the discomfort you’re feeling and enjoy the rest of the journey called life. —internetcrisis artwork by Hajin Bae (you can vent to me)
My mental health is way better after I stopped smoking marijuana.
Universe: What if you could have an illness where you feel dead inside, want to throw things and scream profanity, feel like everyone hates you, and are incapable of falling asleep? As an added bonus, you get to hide it from everyone or they’ll assume you are mentally incompetent? Me: Sign me up!
I'm in the psych ward (again), so I thought I'd make my room a little brighter.
Does anyone find it difficult to be 100% honest with what's really going on in their head?
I did some things today!
I'm a therapist and keep this poster in my waiting room, apparently it's saved a few lives[9gag but worth seeing]
Best friend and greatest motivation to participate in life each day
Mental health care in the US is a joke.
After coping with crippling anxiety for years with artwork, I've finally worked up the courage to post my artwork on Etsy for public consumption and (fingers crossed) purchase!! Today is a day of small victories.
Just for giggles - not meant to be offensive 🤗
Managed to eat a meal yesterday ☺️
Does anyone else feel as though awarness for mental health disorders is growing but only for certain disorders?
It's really disheartening when "friends" with mental health issues as well don't extend the empathy to you that they want everyone else to give them
I’m a school social worker, and I’ve finally heard the worst thing ever
Anyone else have an ongoing tape of negative commentary on yourself in your head 24/7?
I GOT INTO UNIVERSITY!
Does anyone else avoid watching happy and successful people online because it makes them feel bad about themselves?
Everyone has a chapter they don't read out loud. <3
That's not how depression works Jimmy John's
Your heart is stronger than your illness, please remember that
Mental Illness is Real
after finding out the severity of my diagnosis my mom made me this beautiful figure of me fighting off my depression as a warrior wearing the armor of God; while I may not be so religious anymore, the gift remains beyond meaningful
Use my emergency "mental and physical health toolkit" when you're stuck in a rut.
Always remember this
Today I am going in for a psychiatric evaluation for a proper diagnosis. We’re betting on Bipolar I and I’m only happy about getting a diagnosis because I’ve been out of answers for so long and I might actually get one.
Today marks my 40th day since my last self harm and I feel absolutely amazing.
Please let me encourage you to get your vitamin and mineral levels checked.
Not finished but a drawing based on my mental state right now. No matter how much progress I've made I always slip up and fall back and drown in my failures and I'm further behind than ever. Like I'm just keeping myself from drowning and I'll never evolve to be what I should be.
Does anybody else absolutely despise that betterhelp.com ad?
🤷🏻‍♀️ 😔
I'm not done yet... I wanted to OD, or cut, but instead i drew this.
A few weeks ago I achieved my lifelong dream of giving a TEDx talk. After years of depression I now hope to inspire others.
What's your mental disorder superpower?
anxiety can go fuck itself.
We're not battling inner demons. We're battling an illness.
Does anyone else hate the thought of putting in a lot of work just to be normal
It took all my effort to stop crying & leave bed, but I did it & went to DBT group.
I’ve made a final ad. I hope maybe it means something to this group and I would love to hear any thoughts no matter what they are.
If Physical Ailments were treated like Mental Illnesses.
Suicide Prevention: Know the facts
Helping one person might not change the whole world, but..
[ Vent ] I'm so sick of ignorance surrounding mental health from people who aren't mentally ill
I’ve been feeling pretty bad lately. Sometimes it helps to just put a pencil on paper and let my hand draw what my mind feels, so I did this today in sharpie. Call it “shatter/stay safe”
I posted a picture of myself for the first time in a long time. Your words of kindness and support have helped greatly, I have a Dr's appt. Later this week to discuss medication and therapy options. Lots more work to do, but your support has meant more than you can know. Thank you, truly.
I have depression and anxiety. In my spare time I illustrate colourful animals to cope - here's the result!
We Must Do Better To Break The Stigma Around Mental Health Than Just Provide A Hotline.
I made some major changes in my life the past few months. As a habitual anxious nail peeler, I think this is proof I am happier.
A supportive partner, not shaming me for not working out. I've been going through a lot.
No Health without Mental Health
I know this is probably wrong, but sometimes it feels like a lot of people don't really care about mental health. They only care about it when someone they know and like is affected by a mental illness.
I’ll be walking in a Suicide Prevention Walk wearing a shirt with the names of people that I personally and other people have lost to suicide. If you’d like your loved one’s name added, comment or message me! ❤️
Found in mass effect andromeda. Hits really close to home.
My wife’s just left me and I’m not OK
When "How are you?" is used as a form of "Hello." Does this bother anyone else?!
I'm fucking tired of being mentally ill
I managed to get in the bath
I live with in a constant battle between the two
****UPDATE**** possibly suicidal six-year-old?
A flier at my university's Psychological Services office. Having feelings like these for an extended period of time isn't always just typical adolescent discomfort: sometimes this can be a sign of depression. Remember that it is a sign of great strength to reach out for help. Stay safe 💓
Sometimes you need a laugh
I Was Diagnosed With Schizophrenia At The Age Of 17, So I Started Drawing My Hallucinations To Cope With It
A jealous colleague's girlfriend sent pictures of my self harm wounds to my new boss.
My girlfriend comes home today.
My Best Friend Wrote Me A Letter And Folded It Into A Paper Crane Every Day I Was In The Psych Ward (June 2016)
They asked me what depressions like...
Cheetahs are nervous animals and zoos give them support dogs to help them out
Does anyone else feel like they have no "home?"
Oh my. Yes I've been there.
Suicide survivors deserve a cheer
Just a reminder
Using the email function on a therapists website to ask for a new appointment because of my phobia of phones, and the response is “call us to make an appointment.”
The ignorance to mental health is unreal.
Generalised Anxiety Disorder (GAD) - symptoms and possible treatments
My therapist is a 24 year old girl
Why do I always want to stay up all night on my laptop when I’m feeling shitty? I’m not even having a good time, I might as well go to bed
I got my drivers license
Making balloon animals for my niece has really helped improve my depression. Here is my first duck.
Why does it hurt so much just to be alive? Even when nothing of significance is occurring....simply existing is just painful. I feel like this is one of the worst feelings regarding mental health issues.
Dear Suicide:
Mindless doodles really help me sort my thoughts. This is how I journal.
My friend at a mental health nursing home that I work at drew this regarding his dialysis treatments, can he get some upvotes?! I told him I’d show him the responses ☺️
Don't want to go to work but I'm totally showing up today. ❤️
I tried killing myself a year ago today.
Would anyone actually care if I killed myself?
I just made an appointment with a psychotherapist to finally start dealing with my anxiety.
I paint when I am manic. This is after a night of terror in my head.
How it feels to have a particularly bad mental health day.
Animals are so good for mental health
I got my medication dosage raised, and I finally feel normal (for the most part 😜)
Don't make my mistake. Get help sooner, not later!
Has anyone ever felt too depressed to take care of themselves (eat, exercise, shower, etc)?
People are using Siri as a therapist, so Apple is seeking engineers who understand psychology
My Son Tried To Commit Suicide
This is Depression. This is anxiety. This is a picture of my friend on a particularly bad mental health day. Mental illness is often silent to the outside world.
You know who's a hero? People who deal with big mental health issues every single day for decades. And win.
Super important, please talk.
Applying for a job...
That awkward moment when you finally have health insurance but still cannot afford to see a psychologist :/
Some days I’m fine and some days I’m not. Today I looked outside my window, thought about how beautiful it looked, and immediately thought how great it would be to die.
I’ve never understood how therapists expect people to actually admit they are suicidal.
i have reached out for professional help.
My 4 y/o dog was struck by a car in august and that was the final straw in cementing a PTSD diagnosis. My therapist increased my session time and enrolled me in several group therapies. I am at peace for once in my adult life.
I’m resigning my job today. I’m tired of crying before work everyday
28yo M Did something totally out of character depressed at work the other night and messaged my estranged dad i haven't seen in 20 years and wasn't expecting to regret it
Appearances
I use my camera to help with my anxiety and depression.
ART | meds: I hate taking them, but I have to admit they probably saved my life [watercolor]
Does anyone else ever feel like they're not really in the current moment?
How would you feel being cared for by a mentally ill nurse?
This is what depression is to me, this is my fight every day.
One more reason to admire Carrie Fisher's openness and advocacy on mental health issues: Her urn is a huge Prozac pill
I isolated myself and quit drinking for a month now and I feel so fucking good
Tell me what your mental illness feels like
It doesn't help to be an Emotional Iceberg
Why do we sympathise with mental disorders that are self-destructive to the individual but shame those that are outwardly destructive to us?
Why mental health awareness/education is important: my brother in law doesn’t “believe” in depression
MY CONVERSATION WITH MY COUNTY PROBATE JUDGE ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH
The ‘dark side’ of self-improvement/self awareness... TL;DR: can striving to improve oneself cause hyper awareness of everything that still needs ‘improving’?
I'm Winning
I don’t remember where I originally got this from, but it really hits home for me.
Anyone else agree? This quite literally saved my life. Hope it helps others.
Therapist passed away and I’m completely lost
Don't expect every day is going to be a strong day - ups and downs are NORMAL
I lost one of my contact lens, yet I was still able to maintain composure and went to the gym to work out on 13 June 2018
i wrote a comedy rap about how my anxiety makes me care too much about everything
This gentleman is documenting the effects of early onset Alzheimer's. Please support and share this noble cause
Depression is a physical illness which could be treated with anti-inflammatory drugs, scientists suggest
Reddit has helped my stigma against therapy.
I hate when people shame early twenty somethings for not having the same independence as older adults.
Anyone else feel like this sometimes?
I don't think there could be a better picture to describe how it feels
Non Violent Communication
I cleaned my entire room today!
150 days clean from self harming!
May is Mental Health Awareness Month
Here's a comic I drew about the fun of going pick up your medication ;')
Anxiety is stage fright and all the world's a stage.
Lost personality wtf
Feel the best I've felt in a while after starting biofeedback therapy! I was totally unaware of its existence before someone suggested it to me, so thought I would leave this here!
Drawing I did of my retraumatizing, involuntary inpatient stay earlier this month. Story in comments.
I'm in a psych ward because of self harm and suicidal thoughts, and I just saw this comic by cyanide and happiness that really hit me hard.
Mental health gets worse in heat/summer
I’ve created a sort of chant to help stave off the intrusive thoughts. Just thought I’d share!
I created a new subreddit /r/malementalhealth geared towards mental and emotional issues that men face
The Doctor Who Episode 'Vincent and the Doctor' was so amazing not because of its wacky time-traveller story, but because of how beautifully it represented Van Gogh's depression.
;
They are one badass motherfuckers. Their pain is real.
Depression analogy
My mom died
Kate Spade Suicide - Media Miseducates the Public about Bipolar Suicide
Why The Physical Manifestations Of Anxiety Are So Overlooked?
In the wealthiest nation, we must ensure all Americans, regardless of income, have access to mental health care. #WorldMentalHealthDay -Bernie Sanders
If anybody needs a person I’m here
Force yourself to do stuff you don't feel like doing at the time
Marriage equality means fewer teens are dying by suicide
A Wholesome Email My Company Sent Re: Mental Health
I'm having trouble existing
Do you think mental illness is romanticized?
Is it normal to fantasize about suicide even though you'd never actually do it?
Why isn't brain scan imaging common practice in psychiatry?
Sad truth in mental health
Why is living so exhausting?
hey it's my first day working again in almost 2 years
I made 100 phone wallpapers with calming nature shots and quotes for us all to keep our heads up.
I know there are a lot of high schoolers going through a lot and they dont want to speak face to face so I wanted to make this so they can take a quick picture, quickly write down the number. Just show that they arent alone and there are people willing to help. :)
How Zootopia Prevented My Suicide.
My little sister saved my life
I've really been feeling beaten down from the day-to-day grind. I use this "dirty dishes challenge" to help me keep my anxiety and frustration in check.
Johann Hari: To Treat Depression, Provide Meaningful Work, Housing, and a Basic Income, Not Just Anti-Depressants
A quote posted in the hall of a partial hospital program I'm currently attending.
Very recent info about the newest iOS and iPhones concerns me with major mental health issues. Its recency seems to be part of why people haven't realized/cried out how serious it could be. A PSA: your iPhone might be subtly beautifying your selfies without telling you, and that is really concerning
Does anyone ever actually get better
Finally made my first therapy appointment
Foo Fighters speak out on mental health in the wake of the deaths of Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell
I found out I have borderline personality disorder and it broke my heart.
why does my brain convince me someone is mad at me when i know they’re not
I was/am an emotional abuser, and I am not a monster.
You know what's a really shitty revelation? The one where you realise you're not better, the drugs are making you feel like you're better.
To those who suffer BPD💪🏼
This makes me so happy. Go reality!
One of the many reasons why there is a mental health epidemic.
i have no friends, my sweet cat died, and i want to just not live
If you are hurting emotionally, I send out positive energy and love to you...
please don't do this
I saw this and thought of this subreddit. I'm proud of us.
When I am emotionally overwhelmed I can zone out for days, why is that?
Had a panic attack, and decided to write down how I felt throughout the whole thing. Looking at this gives me an odd sense of catharsis.
The real issue I see with mental health isn't that people detach from reality. It's that those who aren't mentally ill assume their reality is more important then the ill.
California to be first state to require suicide prevention classes in schools
How to be productive while depressed
Health is not valued till sickness comes. Do you agree?
Mental health hack I just discovered...
What people think depression looks like versus what it actually looks like.
Cognitive decline due to depression
Stop blaming yourself
Just nearly killed myself
Today is my birthday.
Prince William urges fathers to discuss mental health with children
Anyone ever struggle with making life decisions? To the point of getting anxiety? And then realize all your decisions in the past are not what you want in life?
Mind Yourself. An article proposing mental health is given less scientific validity than physical health because it's intangible. But mental and physical health are profoundly intertwined.
Thank goodness for people who understand
Generalized. Anxiety. Disorder. It took 2 therapists, a psychotherapist, a psychologist, and finally a psychiatrist. I am now diagnosed with Generalized. Anxiety. Disorder.
This is the last ad from my mental health project. I hope it fits here?
Jokes are getting out of hand, 20p minimum donation
Never Trust A Mirror
I am having a rough time lately and a good friend just sent me this.
I feel depressed when i'm alone, but have anxiety when i'm around people
My memory is so fragged ...
Pretty much sums it up
On Tuesday, December 8th, I attempted suicide. I spent the following three days in a psych ward. These are the notes I took
Scared of long time friend, please help
How do you get yourself to do human things like shower when you're depressed?
My new depression/anxiety dog!
Brushing my teeth is really REALLY hard.
It's been a month since school got out and I still have nightmares about forgetting homework, failing tests or being unprepared
Probably been done before, but here's a thing a drew while in a psych ward.
I’m finally seeking help!
I've sacrificed enough. Get the fuck out of my driveway.
I'm tired of people in positions of power not taking mental health seriously.
The card my wife made me when I came into rehab...
The Hardest Part of Depression
Just a little reminder if everyone still here and the people lost to mental Heath
Validation!
Need someone to talk to tonight?
A poem I wrote about surviving a suicide attempt when I was eight
What if you can get feedback on your mental status using your voice monitoring?
Future doctors with depression: “As an aspiring physician, I may be committing self-sabotage by telling my story.”
My Wife Just Left Me - Please Help
I got a dog and is has been wonderful for my mental health.
If you cried about Robin Williams and you're laughing about Amanda Bynes, check yourself. Mental Illness isn't a spectator sport.
My husband keep blurting out who he would have sex with... how can I get him to stop?
Will my kids be taken away if I check myself into a mental hospital?
I'm A Maladaptive Daydreamer. Here's my story.
Lying about a physical illness to make a mental health day is incredibly common
Not sure if this is the right place to post-- a family member is claiming to have developed a rare disorder and we don't know how to proceed
Why Self-Care is Hard for Depressed Individuals
I fantasize about people reacting to my death
I met my soulmate in the mental hospital
Do you think you're just plain and permanently 'broken'?
Depression and Anxiety
Can being mentally ill be my own fault?
I saw a baby deer.
So many suffer from Major Depression, but so few know what PSYCHOMOTOR IMPAIRMENT is.
twitter thread on alt-right recruiters grooming people in online depression communities
Please stop telling me to go for a run to fix my depression
More U.S. middle school students dying of suicide than car crashes - The suicide rate among U.S. middle school students doubled from 2007 to 2014...
Is it normal for a person with depression to have 2 sides in their mind arguing with each other?
We are fighters
This morning routine alleviates my anxiety/depression-
I let someone touch my face for the first time in over two years
‘Cheer up’ - fuck off
What if we treated every illness the way we treat mental illness?
More students than ever suffer mental ill health. We must change our toxic world
You Are Never Broken Beyond Repair
Using art as a coping mechanism//"Views of Fuji" - Tokuriki Tomikichiro
All I want to do is smoke and drink coffee.
Having depression and anxiety really REALLY sucks+social media is a no no so I’ll use Reddit instead of Twitter to talk about my life okayyy:)
The best way I’ve been able to describe my anxiety to my mother: “I feel like I am a can of soda that has been violently shaken but cannot be opened; I feel like the soda.”
I'm too worn down to keep going
Anyone else think about suicide constantly but know deep down you don't have the guts to do it?
The cost of an ER visit with insurance to help with my mental health not shown is the almost 300 Dollar doctor fee.. the doctor charged on top of that for her time...
So I am a male who suffers from BPD and Major Depression. Here's a piece I just finished depicting my battle with mental health. Anyone else use art to help them cope?
Hairdresser turns barbershop into safe space for men to discuss mental health
My sanity in the palm of my hand.
I’m Not Depressed, But
Finally weaned off my sertraline (zoloft) and had the pleasure of binning what remained today. Liberation.
People really don’t care about your mental health.
New trailer for a documentary about the workings of an inpatient psychiatry unit, seen through the eyes of the patients and the staff. We made the film to combat the stereotypical image from One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest, which unfortunately is still the dominant image in popular culture.
My days lately when my GAD reacts badly with my meds
Stop Saying “Sorry” And Say “Thank You” Instead
Trying make an app that will help people know about their mental health what would you want in it?
"Just...be depressed" a response I just thought of to those who say "Just be happy"
doing Black Friday differently
Can u be addicted to depression
I’m Suicidal And That’s Okay
The Spoon Theory, for all you who have yet to discover it and its helpfulness.
i love sleep, but i also hate sleep
to those girls that laughed at me for having my tired puppy in a pram today think before you open your mouths. my dog helps me with my PTSD! some people have no idea the pain that people carry.
TIL that antidepressants can cause emotional numbness. This is a reduction emotion, both positive and negative. The exact mechanism is unknown.
DAE get 'social hangovers'?
Using art as a coping mechanism// Title Unknown, Rikka Ayasaki, [900 x 660]
Dear Neighbor: I was sitting out in my porch listening to music that was kind of hitting me hard. Your welcoming smile, and your questioning me what I was listening to stopped me from spiraling out. I appreciate strangers, sometimes they can be the best people in your life.
Anyone else ever feel like life’s one big joke?
Why am I so happy some days and want to kill myself the next
Being a parent is difficult, you need to be a; taxi driver, chef, nurse, teacher, disciplinarian, psychologist, launderer, cleaner, alarm clock, personal assistant, earn a living, and somehow keep it all together. This is made more difficult when you add a large dose of Depression on top.
My answer to her question, "I'm scared I'm losing my whole life to depression. Help me?"
I lost my job after having a panic attack in the bathroom
Does anyone else notice that their mental health massively improves when they are alone in nature? I wrote an article about it here.
Ignorance is not Bliss
Manic Paintings From Last Night
i am healing myself from lifelong anxiety, depression and self-loathing
My friend posted this on Facebook, and I thought it was incredibly accurate.
Ever look at yourself and back over your past and think how this means your future doesn't look much better, so imagine a reset button to start it all again and do your life better?
I’m so damn lonely
I just had the most terrifying moment of my life.
I did it! 2 weeks sober! 👊
I am not okay and I need somebody to talk to.
Why is depression becoming more common?
Redditors that have experienced suicidal ideation - what is your opinion on the post-celebrity suicide awareness to let your loved ones know of how you are feeling? Helpful? Harmful?
I am in week 5 of treatment now, last week my boss and supervisor have both told me they’ve seen a great improvement in my work. They know about my diagnosis and medication...
I want to share this little poem of hope I wrote.
Nightmares May Be a Sign It's Time to Change Something In Your Life - "In a new study, it was discovered that individuals who had re-occurring nightmares were more likely to report that they were also feeling more powerless, anxious, or frustrated with their lives."
With teen mental health deteriorating over five years, there's a likely culprit - "Not only did smartphone use and depression increase in tandem, but time spent online was linked to mental health issues across two different data sets."
A thousand words in four frames.
Mental Illness And Disorders For Inktober
MRW my doctor tells me to exercise to help my depression
Has anyone dealt with parents not listening to them about their mental health?
Someone I know is threatening me
Does anyone else
How to support a depressed partner while maintaining your own mental health
Living with mental illness is hard; living with people who don't understand is harder.
Viewing art as a coping mechanism//Almond Blossom by Vincent van Gogh, 1890 [660 x 900]
Men with the worst depression might also be the least likely to seek help
My mind is always blank, on autopilot and numb.
Art Therapy: Edited old photographs of myself to represent PTSD of childhood abuse. Picture is me receiving first communion, circa 1993.
This Comic Perfectly Explains Why Anxiety & Depression Are So Difficult To Fight
No such thing as..........
Hey everyone, after looking around I realized there weren't many bipolar blogs for guys like me, so I recently started GuyPolar, a blog for bipolar men. I thought I'd share my latest post about getting through ruts. Hoping this resonates with someone out there! :)
yesterday, i was asked by my psychiatrist to sign a contract stating that i will not commit suicide under any circumstances.
Take this advice
Make mental health education compulsory in primary and secondary schools. [UK]
Happy thread - Post pictures/stories of your animals that have helped you with your mental illness.
'deserved to be raped' - my mom
Children of parents with mental illnesses launch support group in Japan
How to find a good work-life balance
Every Child Needs Access to Mental Health Services
If depression CAUSES the negative thoughts, and not vice versa, then why do thought patterns have to be changed
[TW] Wait and Bleed
Understanding how my childhood impacts me as a parent has been vital for my mental health
Why calling antidepressants 'happy pills' is such nonsense
I took a photo of the spot that filled me with terror and panic just two weeks ago. Today I fought an internal battle and won and I need to remember it...therefore I share it.
Feel lonely but want to isolate myself. Is this normal for someone aged 22?
This year I started keeping track of everytime I started crying and here's my first month
'You only cry for help if you believe there's help to cry for...Let me be to someone else what no one was to me.'
Demi Lovato Opens Up About Her Bipolar Disorder: ‘I’m Living Proof of Living Well’ with Mental Illness
Does mindfulness not work for anyone else?
do you guys ever feel so fucked up because you have mental illnesses?
Is it weird that I just sort of assume I will die by suicide?
Don't let the challenges of depression, mental illness and addiction hinder your dreams. You can still dream big and succeed!
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder and no, it's not like the movies. AMA!!!
Does Anyone Know How To Change The Difficulty Setting?
Probably the best way of explaining to someone how I might feel when they've said something inappropriate or offensive.
Olanzapine is killing my art 😟
Most children and teens with gender dysphoria also have multiple other psychological issues
Nadine Burke Harris at TEDMED 2014: How childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime
Self Esteem issues. A lot of teenagers are committing suicide at my sons school in the US. My son asked me to do a channel to try to raise awareness. I am not asking for likes or subscribers, nor do I mean any disrespect. Im asking for info on how to make these videos better
I hate humanity sometimes, such a shit meme
Be careful when bringing a list of symptoms to a psychiatrist.
how a mental health provider shouldnt behave
Anxiety Stop app is an automated system of breathing exercises that are clinically performed by patients with anxiety disorders.
Depression is as bad for your heart as high cholesterol
I made my first appointment with a therapist today
Anyone Else Feel Like You're Defined By Your Mental Illness?
It's not about the money
I realized something. In media anxiety and depression are portrayed as this monsters voice in your head... but that's not how I feel. My depression and anxiety is my voice, it's my inner thoughts, not something separate. That's what makes it so hard to resist, your own (inner) voice is talking. -USA
Sorry for the times my depression and anxiety made me a rubbish friend
I'm trying my hardest to reply to everyone on this AskReddit thread, but it has gotten to a point where I can't possibly keep up - and I have to work now. Can you please help me make sure everyone gets at least one response?
This really helps with stigmas (thousands of likes on FB)
John Oliver is talking about Mental Health, especially in the wake of the mass shooting in Oregon
My husband doesn't like that I've become interested in skincare and working out now that I'm coming out of a depression episode
I need someone to talk to about my health. I’m in bad shape I think and need help
Question for everyone on this subreddit: what's something small that you do everyday (or regularly) to help you feel better?
why do i pee in my room
Artist illustrates what it’s like to live with anxiety and depression
Martin County Sheriff's Office to hire mental health professionals to respond to emergency calls
I'm tired of celebrity mental health praise, by people who don't (actually) tolerate poor mental health. Are you?
Help talking to “Suicidal” patients
Senator from Utah working toward a simplified, 3 digit suicide hotline.
Does anyone ever have a conversation with themselves?
Having a manic morning with a pen, paper and a pencil. I did a thing. Drew my mental health instead of explaining it
No matter how hard I try, I can not stop these intrusive thoughts. It is every second of the day, and they are such awful thoughts. I can’t find peace from them. Most of my life has been filled with trauma, and now these have come. It all just feels so unfair.
The impact of bulllying
Depression is now the leading cause of illness and disability around the world
Cymbalta, day 1. Wish me luck.
The Cycle
Shame on you, Life&Style
I drew this little thing in my sketchbook to show how I was feeling today, and I thought someone here might understand this feeling too.
Something good about mental illness
Why do family members only get it after the deed is done.
It’s crazy.. I just found out I’ve been struggling with bipolar disorder. And I feel really enlightened.. like my life makes sense. That I wasn’t over reacting. I’ve beat over being too sensitive or too up and down. But now I understand why I am the way I am.
"I’m ok. I’m gonna be ok. I’m gonna live a beautiful life and I’ll get to know beautiful people. I will create things of beauty and be surrounded by flowers. And I’ll love myself, and I’ll be soft, I’ll be kind. And I’ll be ok." —sirenfemme #TodaysMantra artwork by Iconeo
I have BPD, depression, anxiety, and I also suffer from panic attacks. I choose to embrace my differences, and love all of me!
I wish life was like a dinner party, where you could politely excuse yourself without insulting or upsetting anybody
I make mental health greeting cards :)
“When you break a leg, you get a cast and people sign it and put smiley faces on it. When you’re given a mental illness diagnosis, you’re cast out.”
Good Girl Pharmacist
How my depression makes me feel most days...
Today I did something for myself and it felt great!
How does everyone deal with feeling super tired all the time?
Today was a good day.
In light of the mass shooting
A blindwrite after my ex-fiance said I didn't love her.
Why X-Files’ Gillian Anderson Wants Women To Open Up About Mental Health
Why I can't get help
New theory: Depressed people don't end up lying in bed because they are undercommitted to goals. They end up lying in bed because they are overcommitted to goals that are failing badly.
I just need a hug...
We are all connected, lets pick each other up when we can.
Just wanted somewhere to share my good news
Why I finally decided to get help
Anxiety summed up in one graphic. Who can relate?
Basically me in a nutshell
Brains of those with psychiatric disorders show similarities at the molecular level.
Homeless youth in dire need of mental health support, finds Canadian study
After half a century of research, psychology can't predict suicidal behaviours better than by coin flip
I'm a non-offending pedophile. It really sucks
The Semicolon Project - HOPE - a doodle I did recently. Thought I would share it here :) stay strong humans.
It's my birthday and I miss my friend. RIP J.P. 6 days gone :( Please don't kill yourself. 1 800 273 8255
Is it normal when you feel all sad or depressed while uncontrollably crying then suddenly your mood just resets like nothing happened?
Multiple times a day I say "I want to kill myself" in my head, but I don't actually feel like I want to kill myself. I think.
Missing your illness.
I have been dating an extremely abused autistic girl, and I walked away from her because she overwhelmed me and I felt the relationship was not healthy. I feel guilty, am I a complete jerk?
Seeing those who sent me on downward spiral being more successful than ill ever be, and why i hate myself for that
What I learned during my inpatient stay
People with depression, how do you respond to people who tell you your not depressed?
I'm making a video game to metaphorically express what it's like to have depression and anxiety.
Mental Illness Does Not Excuse Your Behaviour Towards Others
#Hammy
A drawing I did while waiting for a bed in a local psych ward. I call it "Insane Angie vs. Sane Angie" x-post /r/saskatoon
Library Offers Homeless People Mental Health Services, And It’s Working
Mentally ill man jailed over $5 worth of snacks dies in cell after waiting months for bed in psychiatric hospital [he had previously been diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder]
A guide to staying fit while you're depressed
RIP... Anthony
Its hard to find people who actually care about others.
Feeling okay this morning
My wife(35) with BP was being hysterical in front of our 2yo for over an hour.
How to get stuff done when you are depressed | Jessica Gimeno | TEDxPilsenWomen
Ex-anorexic, the curvy strong fitness/bubble butt trend is killing me
Depression Tales issue #28. I think this ones pretty relatable, and not as dark as my last one. I’ve been having a rough time lately, but that’s why I draw “Depression Tales” and not “Tales of a Generally Happy Person”.
I made this poster about SAD for a class project (Gr.12) and would really like your feedback!
It's Not That Easy
TL;DR I got hit by a car. Getting hit by a car is better than depression.
How People Treat Mental Illness vs. Physical Illness
My Lovely Wife in the Psych Ward
It's hard to explain guys, but this cat is really helping through some serious depression/anxiety
Sitting here sobbing and trying not to vomit
A Letter to the Wounded
My experience as a study participant for treatment resistant depression using psilocybin
tips for what to do after a really long cry because you’re probably feeling all kinds of exhausted and drained and i don’t want that for you in the slightest:
My wife has been found but she isn't herself right now
I have Schizophrenia, AMA
Diagnosed two months ago with Borderline Personality Disorder. I haven't been doing what I need to do, and I relapsed causing my SO to leave, so I decided to make a journal and a to-do list to hopefully help me beat BPD
Mental health should take precedence over academics
7 months benzo free today
Does anyone elses anxiety stop them from going to the doctors about their anxiety and other building problems?
Possibly suicidal six-year-old?
Reddit is becoming my therapist
The struggle is real
If you're depressed, and feel like there is nothing to live for, please, tell someone. Or If you love someone, tell them. They may need to hear it.
My cat is saving my life.
Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge Urges ‘Early Action’ For Kids Battling Mental Health Issues in Rare Video
One of the things that bothers me the most is thinking that the bullies, the jerks, the ones who celebrate their ignorance and casually insult other people, get a free pass and are happy and content in their life....
Teens severely bullied in childhood at higher risk of suicidal thoughts
Please take my SHORT survey if you have an Anxiety Disorder! Research for my Thesis project!!!
Free cognitive behavioral therapy worksheets (updated)
Pewdiepie using his big audience to spread awareness for mental health.
I Hope you Find the Stength
My mom blames me for the death of my father
Are you ok?
Today is the big day
Admiting myself to hospital for severe depression
Pokemon Go's mental health benefits are real
Mental Health Seriously Needs To Be Taught In Schools, And Here's 7 Reasons Why
Compliments
Brain fog
Summertime sadness
Saw this quote and thought it belonged on here. This is so true in so many ways. No one should ever be affraid to open up or have to feel affriad. If anyone is looking for someone to talk to id be happy to listen. :) Have a great day everyone.
"The Myth That Mental Illness Causes Mass Shootings"
Jay-Z is an Unlikely but Welcome Advocate for Therapists in Schools
Why men can't open up? The crippling impact of toxic masculinity
How tf am I supposed to help my sister not be suicidally depressed when all the depressive thoughts she voices just make me wanna kill myself more
The band I sing for released a music video today about my ongoing struggles with obsessive compulsive disorder. It's my hope that others can find comfort and healing knowing they are not alone.
I go long periods of time without anyone touching me. I touch others (as socially appropriate) from time to time, and to express love and affection to those close to me. But I rarely receive loving/affectionate touch, and every now and then it breaks me. How do I soothe myself when it gets bad?
Sleep deprivation seems to have opposite effects in healthy and depressed people
Anhedonia is the worst.
My girlfriend and I are in the emergency room.
How to break the "lazy" habits after starting treatment for depression/anxiety?
Anxiety has taken over my life and I'm trying to fight it, Advice is seriously appreciated
I think I might admit myself to the hospital. I haven’t eaten because my body will not allow me and I’m so down and worried I’ll hurt myself
I just wanted to say, in the space of two days I’ve gone from messaging someone about self harming - to saying about how beautiful the mountains look tonight. Everything can pass, allow it to and seek ways to get it to.
Borderline Personality Disorder & Suicide Awareness
My Mind on Loop
Depression Tales issue #14
“Why can’t you just stop being sad?” - How to explain depression to those with no understanding of mental health.
If you are well, and not experiencing year-end burn out, please be more active in the subreddit.
More Than Half Of American Adults With Mental Health Issues Not Getting Needed Treatment
Stop Calling Suicide Victims "Selfish"
How do I deal with the feeling of always being left behind. Always ending up alone..
family and friends don't understand how bad it is. what do you tell people?
This pretty much sums it up
Drew a patient in art group while inpatient. Scratch art.
Study finds that one in three PhD students are at risk of developing a common psychiatric disorder, especially depression
63 days ago I posted here to mark the first day in three months I didn't want to kill myself
Depression
Please help. I feel the need to throw up every single day, and I don't know what's wrong with me.
I really need to talk to someone
This mental technique helped me the most with depression and I urge everyone that has suicidal thoughts to give it a shot.
This sucks.
How do you express your problems when you don't know how to explain how serious they are?
Can't get more comfortable with people, no matter how long I've known them
Anxiety Stop app is an automated system of breathing exercises that are clinically practiced by patients with anxiety disorders.
My greatest fear. Please tell me I’m not alone
Graduation is in a month but am so overwhelmed and behind that I will probably have to talk to my parents about graduating late. Meanwhile, here's something I drew while in this long depression slump.
My wife was admitted to the hospital for depression and has now been fired.
U.S. Suicide Rate Rising Precipitiously, Especially Among Women
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy: Addiction Is A Chronic Brain Disease, Not A Moral Failing
I have all the symptoms of being psychologically abused, but the "abusers" probably had no idea. How do you deal with this conundrum?
I have an extremely hard time forgiving myself
Why do people usually say suffering is a choice? Isn't that putting the blame on the victim/the wrong person?
Can you refuse your parents coming into a therapy session if you're over 18?
I can't look at couples either in the streets or on tv anymore. It's damn painful to watch. I'm 27 and never had a boyfriend and the pain caused by loneliness and rejection is too overwhelming.
Lady Gaga FaceTimed Prince William to Talk Mental Health
Why is so much more spent on cancer when mental illness kills more?
Ronda Rousey, the still undefeated UFC champion, has had numerous struggles with mental health and body dysmorphia. But instead of letting them consumer her, she fought back, like a champ. Here is her story.
Probably the best self-care list I've seen in a while!
Mental health was voted 2nd most significant workplace issue by group of young workers yesterday (Sydney, Australia)
My life told by Flapjack 🙃
"There is no more shame in mental illness than having tonsilitis"
I decided to do daily comics to help with my depression and anxiety. (Just Peachy Comics) AMA
Are you still embarrassed about something stupid that happened long ago?
It is essential to understand your own mental health in order to succeed in school, and in life
Suicide attempt exemptions in insurance plans denounced as cruel, discriminatory
These photos show the dual lives of people living with mental illness
Hyperbole and a Half: Adventures in Depression (such an accurate comic)
Misophonia
Existential death anxiety/severe panic attacks
Who else spends a lot of time in their head?
My tips for dealing with depression
Is this what your depression feels like?
A Freakonomics radio episode that asks why society doesn't address the suicide problem more, since suicides happen twice as much as the more discussed homicides.
We Need To Change The Way We Talk About Mental Health. Stop casually throwing around words like “depressed” and “suicidal.”
Why do therapy patients return to their old tendencies when their sessions come to an end?
How do you personally deal with the residual shame of an anxiety attack?
I was feeling like garbage and just wrote this to myself
I’ve been putting off emails for days, and it’s hurting my anxiety.
I don’t know how to understand and process the thought that I might be a lovable, desirable person.
I am a Narcissist, and I am going to start therapy.
Hey Good Housekeeping, please don't tell your readers to 'be a little OCD'
Probiotic found in yogurt can reverse depression symptoms. "the amount of Lactobacillus in the gut affects the level of a metabolite in the blood called kynurenine, which has been shown to drive depression"
TW: This Ted Talk really put in perspective that we have a mental health care crisis and that suicide doesn't discriminate no matter who you are.
Carrie Fisher Was (and Still Is) the Mental Health Advocate We All Needed
What High Functioning Anxiety Really Feels Like | “It’s silent anxiety attacks, hidden by smiles.”
The silent epidemic of male suicide: why men need to talk about their difficulties
Illustrated my Cocktail with descriptions
Just passed 2 years self harm free
Advice for compulsive liars.
Depression Can Be Conquered.
Wrote this
13 Reasons Why.... Or Why Not: A Therapist's Perspective
Work is a lot more difficult to manage when you are mentally ill
Found this wonderful article that describes how difficult it is to understand depression when you don't have it
Depression vs Mania
NY law will require mental health education in schools
Students seeking mental health help kicked out of colleges to prevent ‘bad PR’
Not sure if this has been posted already, but for anyone dealing with depression or any mental health issue, I hope this helps you as much as it helped me.
Original Song about growing up with depression and coming to terms with our lack of control in the world.
Hi Reddit. I made some ads to raise awareness of mental health. My aim is to get people to talk more, in a more constructive way, about mental health. Would love to know what you think.
Hello there, I'm a student designing a website on mental health illnesses, I would appreciate it if you could take your time to fill in my survey (anonymous). Thanks in advance.
Sometimes I find this quote can really help me when I’m struggling just thought I’d share 😊 “Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it’s not real” JK Rowling
What if we talked about physical health the absurd way we talk about mental health?
Woman Highlights How Depression Impacts Her Personal Hygiene In Moving Post
I had a manic episode and bought a car, I can afford the payment but not the gas.
Meet Pete, a 20 year old patient in a Psychiatric hospital posting a daily Vblog from the inside...
How do you do it? How do you survive every day on this Earth when your past has destroyed you and any hope you had of a future?
I want to cut my finger off with a powersaw.
I relate too much with this shirt some days...
Graduating from college today
My cat & I
Chester Bennington talks about his problems and depression
Sylvia Plath's letters to her therapist up for auction - feels v intrusive
Checked myself in to an emergency room because of suicidal and violent thoughts. Biggest mistake ever.
Google is funny sometimes
Understanding anxiety using clinical psychology
For someone who checked himself in to a psych ward due to struggling with self-esteem, who knew a 2 day trip (alone) to Chicago could help so much.
It mattered. You mattered.
This is why suicide cannot remain a taboo issue in society.
"I told the truth in my sister’s obituary, so that others might choose to live"
Hey, I'm Heide and I'm Bipolar.
Called the Suicide Hotline for the first time
I have Alice in Wonderland Syndrome, a rare neurological condition. I want to tell my story.
Parenting while depressed
I constantly think about how the people I love are going to die, how nothing lasts, etc. How to stop?
Someone killed them self near me yesterday. I feel bad and keep thinking about it. I didn't see it but I heard it happen. Do you peeps have any advice for my thoughts?
How loneliness affects the mind and body
A whole new world
Crisis text line : 741741 amazing resource and you don't even have to talk on the phone.
7CupsofTea - a free text-based online chat for whenever you need someone to talk to
A list of SUICIDE HOTLINES WORLDWIDE
It's time to start treating them the same.
Why do sunglasses help me feel less anxious in social situations?
disassociative disorder yeet
No sleep = drawing moons.
Time to get up and face the demons
I ride the struggle bus most days...but i refuse to give up. #stopthestigma
How to Comfort Someone Who Is Hurting - "Life is not easy. We all experience pain, disappointment, and loss. One of the great joys of friendship, and the great satisfactions of life, is to be able to comfort a friend or family member in their time of need.​​​​​​​"
What is wrong with my wife?
H.A.L.T. Hungry, Angry, Lonely, Tired. Does anyone ever really admit or reach out when they're lonely?
The High Functioning Depressive.
Infographic: Mental Illness in the US
Weirdest disorder runs in my family: self-punishing behavior while doing 110% in other aspects of life. Self-neglecting Workaholic Alcoholics. Is this a real disorder?
Just filled out the forms for a mental hospital, feel even worse
Finally got my mental health issues in check, and now my marriage with my wife of 9 years has never been better.
We Are Licensed Mental Health Professionals Here To Answer Your Questions About Mental Health. AMA!
The Ultimate List of CBT techniques - as well as Cognitive Distortions and Case Conceptualizations
Living in an area with ocean visibility found to decrease psychological distress.
Perfectionism. Confused, out of control, messy, fractured, inconsistent, construction, ashamed.
Dear depression
Do you guys sometimes feel so depressed that when you try to talk about it or confront it, you just feel powerless and discouraged?
I have Munchhausen Syndrome. Please help.
First on scene to suicide, in shock.
Tired of hearing that I deserve to die because of an illness I didn't choose to have
Reddit one of my best friends is considering killing himself and I have no idea what to say to him or do to prevent this from happening. In need of dire help PLEASE. Upvote for visibility I don't know where else to turn
Fighting for my life
I have depressive episodes whenever I have a crush on someone?
Mental health problems since childhood. Tomorrow I have my first ever GP appointment about my mental health as an adult.
Anyone else relate to BoJack Horseman a lot?
Speaking on the phone with mom
Family member was recently suggested Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) so I did some research. Thought it may help someone else.
I’ve been having a bad week, so instead of laying in bed all day, I went to walk around the zoo by myself. Wanted to share a little lizard that was trying to blend in with the exhibits.
It's so sad to that a "religion" completely denies mental illness and and neglects to give their members giving them help.
I can't tell if I'm actually mentally unhealthy or if I'm just kind of weird, so I'm unwilling to do anything about it for fear of coming off as melodramatic
Woman challenges mental health stigma with her Out Of Office message - boss' reply is heartwarming
Finally have a diagnosis...
Life with Mental Illness [xpost /r/mentalillness]
I did it!
18 months ago I was in hospital for severe anorexia. Today, I finally part with the clothes that dressed my illness.
An effort to get ecstasy FDA-approved is entering a key final test
Should mental health issues be discussed at school?
This is what keeps me from being an unbearable asshole. Maybe what keeps my wife by my side..
Suicide now the biggest killer of teenage girls
This young girl may be denied treatment for her schizophrenia. Sign the petition to help.
This made me think...
I think my Boyfriend is mentally ill
Narcissist, Psychopath, or Sociopath: How To Spot The Differences (12 min)
everybody is programmed
Mental health makes me lonely. Loneliness makes my mental health worse.
Saw a counselor today
Saw my psychiatrist and went for cat therapy on 12 June 2018
Project Semi Colon-Got this done in February.
I lost a sister like friend to suicide and I can't stop messaging her even though I know she'll never respond
The Legal Profession Has A Suicide Problem And Silence Is Deadly
Alzheimer’s & Dementia Facts That you May Not Know
I shared this on Facebook 3 years ago, very sad, but good advice nonetheless.
Depression Tales issue #5
Can I tell my psychiatrist about this issue (slightly nsfw)
Does this sign describe your life too?
Close relationship between gut and mental health
Beautiful Mental Health Cards Made With Love
How Reddit Became The Internet's Therapist
Psilocybin Study Results Hailed as Potentially Groundbreaking
How can I get help with a VERY, VERY sensitive topic?
Artist Suffering From Anxiety Illustrates Mental Illnesses As Real Monsters
Walking Man (2014) - 3 years ago, my dad attempted suicide. Last year he walked across Missouri for mental health awareness. This is the documentary that follows his 34 years of undiagnosed bipolar disorder. His ultimate goal: eliminating the stigma from mental illness.
I’m not sure if this is just depression anymore.
My depression and suicidal thoughts are out. How do I cope with the day to day shame of it all?
Dear Brain
Finally went to a mental health professional, was told they couldn't help me. Now what.
The most accurate depiction of living with BPD I have ever heard...
Prince William Discusses Suicide And The 'Great Taboo' Of Mental Health
Magic mushrooms could help treat severe depression
has depression ever made you feel "slow", or "retarded"?
I want to leave my relationship
Can depression come back?
People say that I don't need help anymore cause im too positive
Feeling depressed about my graduated work...It's talking about by anxiey and depression..:(
Do you recover your memory and executive function after being “cured” from depression?
Girlfriend cries uncontrollably almost every night
I didn't realize my mental illnesses were this bad.
I killed a kid once.
Never reinforce negative behavior, allow those people to learn that it's not acceptable anywhere.
May is Borderline Personality Disorder Awareness Month
Obamacare's Repeal Is a Looming Disaster for Mental Health
Do you feel this too?
My heart goes out to you all.
I need help with my girlfriend who's having a breakdown because of the election
I didn't let depression win today, it was fucking tough but I did it
Please help stop NJ Rule 534 from destroying Mental Health Professional-Client Confidentiality! This rule would give lawyers access to confidential mental health records and will automatically go into effect on 7/1/16 unless legislators take immediate action.
Sarah Silverman on her battle with depression
Wil Wheaton talks about his struggles with Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
My girlfriend took her own life earlier this month. Some thoughts.
Adventures in Depression
Last Summer I lost my friend whom had been battling paranoid schizophrenia for almost 10 years in a stand off with police. He thought he was battling zombies. This is his story told by his friends and those who knew him.
Confessing: I think I have dissociative identity disorder and I don't know what to do (and the story behind it) [rape] [suicide] Trigger Warning!
i dont feel like a normal person
I’m tired of being angry.
A Bipolar, A Schizophrenic, And A Podcast - Sponsored by PsychCentral
Coping with depression: the importance of showering
My boyfriend's been told his whole life that he's worthless - but actually he's wonderful
Emergancy mental health care at its finest 😒
Project Semicolon Founder Amy Bleuel has passed
"My daughter, who lost her battle with mental illness, is still the bravest person I know"
"Depression is a choice. You can choose to not be depressed," said the doctor. (And other unhelpful mental health professionals in my life.)
If physical ilnesses were treated like mental ilnesses...
UPDATE: How is anyone supposed to get help if sessions cost 150$+
The piece of advice I hate the most.
I am wasting my life.
Worldwide Benzodiazepine Awareness Day is today July 11.
Maybe talking does help?
Record Numbers of College Students Are Seeking Treatment for Depression and Anxiety — But Schools Can't Keep Up
IS THERE A MENTAL DISORDER IN WHICH PERSON FEELS THAT THEIR OWN THOUGHTS ARE NOT THEIR OWN INSTEAD THEY FEEL LIKE VOICE COMING FROM OUTSIDE
Sibling Bullying Makes Psychiatric Disorders 3 Times More Likely
I feel all my problems could be solved with motivation
Depression Has No Face
Home sweet psych ward - my experience going inpatient for depression
Dobby is handing out free socks! I'm here if you would like some advice, support or just a general chat.
Carrie Fisher... thank you.
People With Chronic Depression: How Do You Deal With The Realization That No Matter What You Do, You'll Probably Never Truly Be Happy?
For 80 Years, Young Americans Have Been Getting More Anxious and Depressed, and No One Is Quite Sure Why
The morning after I killed myself.. a poem
"When your friends really want you to come out with them but you've got depression so all you want to do is curl up in a ball on the floor"
"...a world so topsy-turvy that seeking medical help for depression or anxiety is apparently stronger evidence of violent tendencies than going out and purchasing a weapon... " The "mental health" fallacy in mass murder.
Well, guess there's no need for the anti-depressants then! Thanks Lil' B
I never wanna wake up again
Success while schizophrenic
Does this happen to anxious folk out there?
I DONT KNOW WHO I AM. *PLEASE READ*
this podcast talks about addiction, eating disorder, depression & anxiety in a dark but funny way
Who else is extremely responsive to little thing but numb when it comes to big things
I rode 147 Miles to raise funds for YoungMinds on World Mental Health Day
suicidal after how the police dealt with sexual assault
When you're working on your mental health, one bad day can make you feel like a failure
I Created An Online Therapy Journal For Getting Things Off Your Chest
Q: Why did my post show up in green as an announcement? A: Because...
The T-Shirt Dedicated to Mental Health. Words Fail Me.
Mental health disability does not make me five and it's not okay to ask if I have taken meds.
Corrections officers locked a mentally ill, teenage prisoner in a shower stall. She was found dead.
A friend of mine sadly, and wholly preventably, committed suicide earlier this year. He suffered immensely and the Irish state failed him. At least his death is sparking new conversations about how we deal with mental illness. Change must come.
Depressed with thoughts of suicide? Maybe this will help you, too
21 Comics That Capture The Frustrations Of Depression
Have no interest in and can't enjoy hobbies... unless I'm avoiding/procrastinating something stressful?
Reached out for help; 3 months later.
Is it normal to go through cycles of depression/confidence? Please help
Mental illness on the rise?
??
May is Maternal Mental Health Month
Say it how it is
I fucking HATE the rhetoric of 'diagnoses don't matter'/'you shouldn't focus on those' that I've gotten from THERAPISTS
I'm working on a nontraditional documentary film about mental health and would love your help!
I realized something today..
I wrote an open letter to my rapist. I am slowly reclaiming my power through writing and learning to live with the damage that he inflicted on me.
A good passage on mindfulness from "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Zen Living" by Dr. Gary McClain and Ms. Eve Adamson.
13 Reasons Why "13 Reasons Why" Is Toxic
Today I released a free smartphone app that can help those suffering from panic attacks! Background + details inside!
Antidepressants Saved My Life, But Didn’t Make It Worth Living
Romanticising Mental Illness
Comic by one of my patients
A First-Aid Class for Mental Health - "Most people know how to help someone with a cut or a scrape. But what about a panic attack?"
Stop watching “Hoarders”: Our lurid reality TV obsession with mental illness has crossed a line.
Depression, the Secret We Share | Andrew Solomon | TED Talks
Things I Can't do When Depressed
Autism and Anxiety Girl
“We Just Can’t Have You Here”: Yale's Expulsion of Depressed, Self-Harming and Suicidal Students
a year ago today
My extremely air-headed and disorganised nature makes me want to commit suicide. I just feel too weird and out of place for this world.
A Facebook friend was shilling for book reviews, and I felt obligated to read and review it for him.
[OC] In September I was held in inpatient against my will. It was retraumatizing. Here's a psychotic comic I'm writing documenting the experience.
I think about quitting my job and leaving everything behind.
Help. My wife just went back to the Mental Hospital.
Drug use is a mental health issue, but mental health is even more stigmatized than drugs
Depression Tales issue #2
'She was radiant, way out of my league': a story of love and mental illness
Prince Harry Praised by Mental Health Charities
The fitness fallacy: You can’t outrun a mental-health problem
Susan Klebold's TedTalk on her son Dylan, the Columbine Massacre and Mental Health
pictures around my apartment to prove that I am not only existing but also taking care of myself, even in the deepest of mood episodes | photography project: Signs of Life
I made a vulnerable video talking about anxiety and panic attacks
I feel like society shame's people for being unwell instead of trying to really help them. does anyone feel the same way or is it just me?
Anyone else finding it extremely weird to be alive and conscious?
Today Bell will donate 5¢ towards mental health initiatives for every tweet/RT with #BellLetsTalk. Let's help end the mental illness stigma.
Why funny people kill themselves (editorial from Cracked.com)
Mental Illnesses Taking the Form Of Real Monsters
everytime I see my psychotherapist she asks me how I am and even though i've got a brain full of things I want to say to her the only thing to come out is "i'm fine"
test results show that I have ptsd but I don't know why
New boyfriend believes he created the universe..
I did it
I wrote this short guide on my experience with dealing with depression on social media the other day and it seemed to help a lot of folks out, so I wanted to share it with you all.
If anyone wants to chat about whatever, feel free to pm me.
I don't know how to deal with the death of my mother
The Rock’s Battle with Depression
I'd really like to be able to talk about my emotions and mental health in a way that isn't like... Vague without shutting down
Trump is seriously making me depressed
I’m in a really bad place right now and really want to kill my self. Please help.
The Diagnosis Effect: some of the ill effects we associate with psychiatric disorders are not just due to the disorder itself… but to the beliefs and behaviors that emerge in response to a diagnosis (TED talk)
Does having a pet help your depression?
Me when I end my week caught up on homework assignments, work meetings and social life despite my most recent depressive episode
Kid Cudi's Return & The Hope It Brings for Mental Illness!
Mood-Boosting Power of Dogs: How Caring for a Dog Helps You Cope with Depression, Anxiety, and Stress
How much of who I am is down to my mental illness?
"mental illness" is really lonely
Because of being bullied in my younger days, I always jumps to conclusions that people do not like me. Help?
Melancholia: Depression on Film
Saved a girl from killing herself at school, can't stop playing it over in my head.
Emotional Healing
I hope you never understand
High School Student with Schizophrenia Gets a Dream Prom – Thanks to Her Classmates
The day after Robin Williams’s suicide, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline fielded the greatest number of calls in its history.
Stop Telling Your Depressed Friends to Cheer Up
Another great one from Robot Hugs - Tether
Petition: Make it compulsory for mental health to be taught in schools!
Whatever you do DON'T LIVE IN YOUR ROOM.
'Wolfboy' Feature-Length film that tackles Mental Illness
1 Year ago we lost a great man. Mental health is real
I've been depressed since the 6th grade and I'm finally being able to control it a bit.
Just having a rough go......
Having social anxiety be like
Would you watch a YouTube channel that focuses on mental health, sharing info on illnesses, and personal experiences with therapy, etc?
How can I overcome humiliating experiences?
Question; how do I not drain other people with my currently severe depression?
Depression is...
Panic Attack Free For 3 Years!
Dealing with depression.
US identity politics makes me feel like I'm being gas-lit, is this a public health crisis?
Selena Gomez Is Seeking Treatment for Her Emotional Health
8 in every 100 Americans suffer from anxiety (highest rate in world) affecting women more than men.
It's Okay to NOT Be Okay!
Uncertainty is more stressful than pain, say neurologists
Today maybe tough so we've made a list of International Suicide Hotlines 💛 - Take Care from Fandabby Apparel (C, word is banned here!)
Congress Still Bans CDC Scientists From Studying Gun Violence
Leaving school early to see a doctor counts as an "excused" absence, whereas leaving school early to see your therapist counts as "unexcused."
This Is What a Psychiatric Ward Designed by Patients Looks Like
Why Asking "Are You Off Your Meds?" Isn't Funny
Schizo bun
When Janni Schofield was not even a month old, she was able to correctly identify colours. At 1 year old, she could read. At 18 months, she could speak fluently. What her parents originally took for genius turned out to be a mask for something much darker. An incredible story.
the shit i hear that makes me vomit
27 F finally getting help
Neighbor Approached Me Today and Confessed to Being a Psychopath
Counseling Homework
Does anyone else deal w/ times they feel like they understand things, everything is ok and things can only go uphill then experience times of self-isolation& depression? Been going to therapy for 8 years and my therapist has been unable to decipher if I’m struggling with bipolar 2 or borderline
I'm not suicidal or depressed, but I don't care if I live or die. Can someone help me understand this?
One Year Sober
All clear for the decisive trial of ecstasy in PTSD patients
Is this a good birthday gift idea for a friend with clinical depression?
Depression and Derealisation: These Alien Feelings are a Very Human Problem (Don't be scared of the length, I wrote this to help you.)
Two Stressed People Equals Less Stress - "An interesting study shows that when people share their stress and negative emotions with people who feel similar to them, their stress can decrease and become easier to manage."
Therapists Are Using Dungeons & Dragons To Get Kids To Open Up
Depression meds cause weight gain, weight is a large contributor to my depression.
VA: Reduce suicide by improving access to mental health
Mind is a UK based mental health charity that have just started a campaign if people struggle to talk to anyone, but specifically doctors, about their mental health. I'll feel awesome if this helps anyone and if you're in support of this and have facebook or twitter, please use#findthewords. Thanks!
PSA: My aunt has just recovered from almost a year of sever depression, and the answer was a little-known genetic mutation. Please read!
If some you know someone who got depression and then suddenly become happy please aware they might be suicidal
We're a newly starting blog on the topic of issues of mental illness, and we could really use your support to bring awareness to this issue.
Psychosis in a nutshell. Xpost from r/funny. (Stolen from U/Kartingf1fan)
7 Disturbing Comics On Depression
The secret dual lives of people living with mental illness
Struggling with sexual intrusive thoughts. I think I may have OCD but I’ve never been formally diagnosed. Advice?
I don’t know what to do anymore. One of my close friends died a couple days ago. My car broke and is gonna cost me 1400$ to fix. I’m just starting college and the anxiety is killing me. I just want to give up.
The system that failed
My brother has gone off the deep end with conspiracy theories. He's starting to really concern me. Advice?
How to stop Obsessive Thinking during work
My mental health is deteriorating and I'm scared
Apparently my first funeral will be my sisters
Request for new Psychiatrists: Please call your patients back. (personal anecdote highlighting issue)
Watch Going Sane for Free! It is a documentary on the lack of evidence based therapy in the mental health feild. For every library district that has a view this week, the NPO that produced it will give $5 to the American Foundationfor Suicide Prevention.
Freaking out about argument with my therapist
Advice on Talking to Someone with Suicidal Thoughts…from Someone Who’s Had Suicidal Thoughts
The Sparta Project,Inc
After Hurricane, Signs of a Mental Health Crisis Haunt Puerto Rico
I cannot think anywhere clearly as I used to
Talked my girlfriend down from a suicide attempt. Need advice on what to do now.
I Fight For My Mental Health Every Day
Just 5 Minutes of Video Games Helps You Recover From Work-Related Stress and Fatigue
I'm losing all hope that I'll ever be able to live a normal life.
A person with mental health problems gets brushed off by the UK PM :( The Tories have underfunded mental health problems and people suffer as a result.
lost my personality - never got it back
Staggering number of adolescents afflicted by anxiety, depression nationwide
Australian Indigenous elders develop an app to try to reduce youth suicide rate
Church teaching fuelling self-harm and suicide risk among lesbian, gay and bisexual people, report says
Suicide Crisis in Northern Ontario, Canada
Turns Out Taking a Break From Facebook Is Good For Your Mental Health, Surprising Absolutely No One
My mental state is so poor I'm isolating and not reaching out, and it's scaring me
I've think I've made one of the best decisions in a LONG time today.
A great mate of mine lost his battle this year, So we made an Animation to help others.
Police not adequately trained on mental health
I shout random loud words when I think of embarrassing thoughts
My therapist has this amazing fidget toy that I can't identify. Any ideas what it is or called?
If you have been suffering from depression for an extended period of time and medications are not working you should consider getting an MRI/CT scan
Meta: Can we ban posts asking for diagnosis?
10 Agonizing Truths Depressed People Never Talk About
