Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.
Being suicidal throughout your young adult years is very strange and leaves you in a weird place when you hit your 20s because you never really had a plan to get this far to begin with, never mind have a plan for the next 50+ years.
Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.
I hate how when you’re depressed you just forget everything. You forget to do stuff and you forget the stuff you did. Time passes without you realising and instead of doing nothing for ten minutes you did nothing for three hours but you didn’t even realise you were actually living.
Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Sleep is great because it's like being dead without hurting your family.
Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.
Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
the only existence sadder than being suicidal is being suicidal but with the option of suicide taken away from you because if you were to kill yourself, you would kill someone else too
Do you ever feel so lonely your chest physically hurts?
It’s beyond me that there are people who don’t think about committing suicide.
Sometimes I wish I didn't have people who would be affected by my hypothetical suicide.
The gun jammed
Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
Who else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?
Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?
WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.
I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymore
nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicide
even though i felt like killing myself i went to this art therapy class and made something today
I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”
Ever feel like you want to just go to sleep and never wake up instead of actually dying?
I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
Does anyone else constantly teeter between planning how to kill yourself and planning how to fix your life?
I'm a pedophile and I deserve to die
My name is John
People only give a fuck when you're dead.
Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?
My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago.
The annoying lexicon of suicide dissuasion
72, Female, Helpless, Useless and Unable to Cope
17 Days Later
I understand suicide now. Trust me, it's not a choice. It's an action.
Nobody knows who I am. Remember me. Please.
Does anyone else have things that happen in their lives that your immediate reaction to is, "I should kill myself"? Because that's nearly everything to me.
Anyone else just living day by day, remembering nothing, thinking about nothing, enjoying very little, and being incredibly lonely, but almost as if it's sort of your own fault? Like you've done this to yourself?
My camp was destroyed, I'm going to hang myself
Caution: There's a PM troll active in SW. If you get a nasty message after posting here, be aware that this person is doing this randomly, and IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU.
If you get a snarky pro-suicide PM after posting here, IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU! Somebody's doing this randomly and indiscriminately.
I've been reading this sub for the pass 4 hours, and think I don't want to kill myself anymore.
I admitted that I was suicidal to my boss, and his response resulted in cutting myself.
Do you ever just sit in bed alone, and realize that no one would notice you missing? Everyone cares only after they announce your death.
It feels weird when I remember that suicide is such a scary thing for most people to discuss. I keep forgetting that most people aren't suicidal, and that even the slightest mention of it can make them panic.
If I kill myself my mom will be absolutely devastated.
Threw all of my bullets in the river this morning.
I no longer want to die.
A few months ago I set a deadline. That deadline, March 12 has arrived.
I'm in the queue for a suicide chat and there's 54 people ahead of me
PSA from the SuicideWatch Mod Team: We're getting a lot of complaints about generic "uplifting" or "I love you" type posts and comments. Please read and follow guideline 4c in the sidebar.
Got a fortune cookie that said “it’s not the end yet, let’s stay with it” directly after my last post
I didn't kill myself
I'm never calling a hotline again
Fuck this pointless world
I wish that nobody loved me.
[UPDATE] Goodbye everyone. I'm doing it now.
It’s really sad how lonely being suicidal is
Does anyone else think about suicide/death a lot but won’t actually do anything?
Does anyone else ever feel like they are destined to kill themselves?
Does anyone else feel suicidal almost everyday but not act on it ever?
If I knew that I would start over my life in a different body if I die, I would definitely kill myself immediately.
My depression has made me become such a good liar. It’s frightening.
Warning: PM methods troll is about
Does anyone else feel a sense of calm and peace when thinking about suicide?
Hey, I reached out on here a while ago, it's one of the main reasons I'm still here. Just want to say thank you. I'm in a better place now.
I think the main reason why I don't kill myself is because I don't want my cats to be sad
I'm sick and tired of people telling me "you're too young to be depressed"
vote up if you think i should live (ha)
I want to go to my therapist just to tell her to fuck off.
Declining people suicide, is a lot like forcing someone into a car, never letting them out until the car breaks down, and getting pissed off that they want out.
Goodbye, r/Suicidewatch.
Dear ents, we love to have you here, but please stop advocating drug use, it's against SW rules
just got raped a few hours ago. please someone talk to me before I slit my wrists.
McDonald's employee just saved my life.
Thinking of killing myself comforts me because if everything gets too much to handle, I always have a choice to way out.
If you're upset about the election, the place to seek help is NOT by inviting discussion about it on the internet. Including here.
You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?
My 13 yo daughter overdosed on about 6 grams of Wellbutrin and 1500mg of Zoloft.
my mom attempted suicide today
Suicide may be a permanent solution, but 1) it is a solution and 2) I'm not looking for temporary solutions.
From the SW Mod team: Please be cautious if your post references political events
I wish that no one cared, so that I could kill myself without hurting anyone else
I didn't kill myself thanks to this subreddit. <3 you guys
I feel like even the act of telling someone I've been suicidal will fuck my life up even more. Anyone else feel this way?
I have sexual thoughts about kids. I'm 26. Please don't hate me, I already hate myself more than you ever will.
Just tried, my cat saved me
Hey suicide watch family, im just checking in :)
On the verge of giving up
I would like to dedicate this to the memory of all the people /r/SuicideWatch and /r/Depression have lost over the years.
The suicide hotline saved my life last night
Does anyone else feel like everyone else is doing well at life except you?
Today, I've reached one of the lowest points in my life. I hope you finish reading my post.
You know your life is an absolute wreck when you casually debate in your head whether you should go to college or commit suicide instead.
"99% of people regretted it!"
I understand suicide
stop trying to fucking guilt trip me
So the suicide hotline just hung up on me. Twice.
Nobody fucking cares before you have actually done it
Warning:  "Suicide methods" PM Troll is active at SW.  
Does anybody else feel like suicide is their inevitable destiny
I just tried to call a couple of suicide prevention hotlines
My new year's resolution is to work up the courage to commit suicide
Update on the warning about PMs from "Koko" (/u/itskokobot). **Please continue to report any sightings.**
Why can't there be an easy and peaceful way to die?
Does anyone else feel suicidal but still obliged to try to help others in the same situation?
Does anyone else dream/hope of dying in their sleep?
my wife fucked 4 men
i should have killed myself in 8th grade when i had the chance.
I need help... but I don't know what kind.
This sandwich doesn't taste good.
Every night I wish I would die in my sleep
Dad's friends raped me.
Don't take the pills... It hurts
Being in love with someone who couldn’t care less about you sucks.
Today I made it to 21
Reminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.
I'm the worst doctor in the whole world
I was wrong
have you ever just extremely regretted all your choices that have led you up to this point? and the fact you can’t go back on those choices?
They found him
How I found my older brother commited suicide
I'm at the top of my apartment complex, I'm jumping at 12 tonight
Does anyone else wanna die but doesn’t have the guts to kill themselves
It's time. Goodbye Reddit.
I tried to ask my family for help, and their answer is "God".
I think the biggest tragedy of this place is that there are more than 100K of us here
I wish I was never alive. I don't want to die, I wish I never existed.
Nothing makes me want to puke quite like "it gets better"
Wake up, browse reddit, watch porn, contemplate suicide, repeat
I'm waking up tomorrow.
I wish life had checkpoints or a reset button
Please kill me in my sleep please kill me in my sleep please kill me in my sleep please kill me in my sleep thanks
i don't think life sucks, i just genuinely believe living isn't for everyone
Does anyone feel like a functioning suicidal?
I honestly can't come to terms with the fact that I will spend the rest of my life working, for nothing, and that I have no choice but to be a wage slave, it just drains me so much I feel like nothing is worth it
PSA from the mod team: Please don't report posts just because they seem high-risk to you, thanks.
Attempted suicide two years ago. Just got Facebook timeline and saw something...
"Committing suicide would be selfish, because it's making your loved ones live in pain for the rest of their lives just so you won't have to suffer." Uh, so then aren't you pretty selfish for forcing ME to live in pain for my entire life just so YOU won't have to suffer?
i catch myself wanting to go “home” but not knowing where that even is
I've realized why people kill themselves.
As of 1 hour ago, literally all my friends are dead.
A crude pic from someone who has been there.
Something worth considering the next time a case of the bad feels hits <3
My dog stopped me
Today I threw away my rope
Does anyone else wish for a incurable illness just because you can't go through with suicide?
I made it to 15 :)
It is bullshit people are made to feel like selfish jerks if they're ready to end it.
Why is suicide so bad anyway?
Wanted to share this with you guys - I asked out a girl today
I've lost my son to suicide last week
No throwaway account. It's me. I need help. The suicide hotline has been useless.
Thank you, Reddit, for keeping me alive
Zero motivation to live but zero motivation to die. Just kinda want to not exist but not die at the same time?
I want to go home
It's so much harder to kill yourself than they make it seem.
My wife's boyfriend told me to kill myself
I'll just leave this here for you all - Think about it.
It would be ideal if there was a way to absorb a terminal illness from somebody that doesn't deserve it, somebody who wants to live. That way I wouldn't have to stress about the method. Somebody could even call it charitable.
I say "I wanna fucking die" to myself out loud at least 10 times a day.
Google cares about me :')
I don't think the SW Mods can be thanked enough.
Anyone else feel like commiting suicide out of spite?
Lessons from Four Decades of Depression
People don't care how you feel, they care about how it will affect them.
I told my husband.
A friendly reminder about PMs
Warning!  PM "methods" troll is still active.  If you get an official looking PM with links to suicide methods, this is a KNOWN TROLL who is targeting many people here!  Please REPORT using the "message the moderators" button.
My reason for living is gone
Life has completely destroyed me.
My friend who committed suicide is getting no life recognition and it is pissing me off
My last act will be giving my abusive family and ex-fiancee a body to wake up to on Christmas day. I am a kind, sensitive person but have no cares left to give.
Told my partner I'm suicidal
Does suicide feel like the only logical option to anyone else?
The sad thing about suicide is that people make it about themselves and then life goes on.
Biggest lesson I've learned so far in life: most people enjoy seeing you fail, and will not hesitate to kick you when you're down.
Is suicide a natural reaction to an insane world?
Was drunk last night and wrote notes to my friends and family, woke up to find this one and cried.
I feel like some fucked up NPC in a game where everyone else seems to be main characters. Like I've been programmed to suffer perpetually and eventually kill myself.
I often fantasize about what others would do if I ended it
Who wishes life had an off button?
Every night, I consider driving myself to the emergency room, and then every night I remind myself all that will do is give me another bill I can't afford to pay
PSA: What's wrong with posting a general "People care about you, please don't kill yourself" message?
C.S Lewis on self-destruction - I found he puts the point across far better than I can.
Death isn't the worst thing, waking up and realizing you're constantly in pain is.
I did it.
Tried to overdose when i was 19 after breaking up with girlfriend - now 55 and happily married with 2 kids - I'm so glad i didn't die.
I tried to kill myself last night and failed.
Dad just left for work going to get his gun.
One of the reasons I'm still here is because of a cartoon that ended years ago
“I haven’t gotten better, I just got better at hiding it”
I have 48 hours before I'll be forced into military service. I'll have to kill myself in that time
I wish ending it was as easy as going to sleep and not waking up
I want to die
Fucking Scumbag Brain
Does anyone else admire the people that actually kill their selfs?
I’ve gone from “I know I would never actually kill myself” to “I might just do it”
Told my mother I wanted to kill myself she said she hope I won't survive.
Love me, please...
Not killing yourself is a temporary solution to a permanent problem
Being molested by priest. I can't handle it anymore.
My son's girlfriend committed suicide, and now his no longer himself.
Anyone else feel like they're just waiting for one more thing to push them over the edge?
So I did it.
Safety warning from the SW mod team: We encourage you not to trust anyone who violates any of the subreddit rules. DO NOT respond to anyone who takes conversations to PM right away!
I need to get away. To get away, I need a car. To get a car, I need money. To get money, I need a job. To get a job, I need a high school diploma. To get a diploma, I need to not kill myself by the end of this year. To not kill myself by the end of this year, I need to get away.
When I was 15, I put a gun in my mouth and pulled the trigger. The slide jammed.
Wife Attempted Suicide Today...
Three years ago, this subreddit supported me when no one else would. Thank you.
I dont know what to do.
Just snap out of it.
I literally admire people who kill themse lves
I hate reading this sub sometimes.
I didn't commit suicide
talking about it is a point of no return
I don't want to live, but I don't want to die. Does anyone else feel this way?
A very sad update. 
I feel like the dog that at the animal shelter no one wants to adopt so they have to put it down.
I got a dog
Just found out my friend took his own life. He was 15.
My parents are mad at me because i'm depressed
It'd be so great to not wake up tomorrow
Today I emptied out my Helium tanks
Saw a picture of my ex today and didn't want to kill myself
The fuck did I do
I would feel less suicidal if I had money.
I’ve wanted to kill myself for a long time, and now my little sister has leukemia.
Life is a game that everyone else plays better than me. I don't want to play anymore.
Running away as an alternative to suicide.
Why is wanting to die a bad thing
How can people say they would miss me if I died but then ignore me for days/weeks/months at a time?
Nobody cares until someone's dead.
Something clicked
Update on PM trolls, self-appointed enforcers, and SW Moderation Practices. If you got a PM that was abusive or critical, please read, thx!
Last night I posted my suicide letter, but thanks to you guys, I'm still here the next day. I'm so glad I am, too.
I don't wanna kill myself, I just wish I was never born.
My mom cried in front of me after staying in my bed for 4 days straight
I skipped school today.
Is it bizarre to find comfort in the fact that I could kill myself whenever I want?
I just tried to kill myself
my wife has been googling "painless suicide methods"
Update: I’m still here
If someone from my life recognized I was in pain that would mean a lot.
I read a poem today.
To the 16 year old sophmore who deleted their post, I'm sorry I didn't respond fast enough I got carried away and started writing you a novel. 
I wish someone had told me this sooner. 
I would 100% attempt suicide if I knew there were no health risks for failure
I’m departing this world in 3 hours.
My gun misfired tonight
I killed someone driving drunk, the only way I see out is killing myself
It's tiring hating yourself all the time
My teenage son killed himself.
The most chivalrous knights of new.
It's not worth it if I have to be attracted to other guys
Does anyone else know that they’re not going to make it through this year, let alone next year? It’s almost like I see nothingness because I know I’m going to kill myself eventually.
My life was just saved my comedy
For You :)
Contemplating suicide due to being a 50 year old virgin.
Thank you
I wanted to end my life when i was 13 but i didn't because everyone told me "it gets better". I am now 38 and my life has been just as miserable and as pointless as i knew it would be.
I've skipped school all this week to just browse suicide and depression forums
I'm 16, and selling my body for a living.
Kinda fucking pathetic that the only reason I try to smile and be happy is for others so that they don't think something is wrong
I don't want to kill myself. I just want to die... because then nothing will be my problem anymore.
I wish someone would kill me or run me over with a truck so no one would have to live with the fact that I killed myself.
SW is Reddit's "best little community of 2011". Congratulations to all of you!
I attempted suicide and spent a week in an inpatient psych hospital.
When you ask for help, then get yelled at after an attempt with “why didn’t you ask for help?”
Having fun before it's over. (NSFW)
My brother just killed himself. I wanna join him.
Finally got a syringe, crushing the pills, waiting to eat my last meal.
Just turned 24 today :)
I just wrote my suicide letter to my best friend
I wish depression naturally caused death
My Parents Ok'd It.
People don't give a fuck about how you feel until you actually kill yourself.
It’s not that I really want to kill myself it’s that I want to be on the bridge and someone prove to me life can be enjoyable once more
I don't know if anybody cares but I've changed my mind... I'm not gonna commit suicide
I know my life will end in suicide
Failed all my university classes. Just want to commit suicide now
Girl asked me if I was depressed
Putting the razors back was the hardest thing I've done
After posting and reading this sub today, I genuinely don't feel like killing myself.
May 1st I attempted suicide, was in the hospital for 21 days, supposed to be brain dead and I'm out and functioning and I'm doing better. I'm seeing a DBT therapist and actually taking some steps to try to get better instead of wanting to be miserable.
I'm killing myself tonight.
It's just so funny
Offing yourself isn't that easy
I just tried to kill myself
I lied to my psychiatrist.
If it wasn't for music I would of killed myself by now.
I think I've lost someone...
I dont plan on killing myself but anyone else have this feeling of just not belonging?
Lost my virginity to a sex worker at 25 and I’ve never felt more worthless and suicidal
I discovered my fiancé’s dead body one week ago
my boyfriend posted here last night and now he’s in the hospital
I wish life had a logout option
Id rather be happy than dead, but at this point I would rather be dead than unhappy every day for the rest of my life.
Does anybody else feel like if they had a gun readily available they would have killed themselves already?
Anyone else think about suicide while doing normal things?
Do you ever feel suicidal when you hear about a success story or when you see someone close to you achieve something?
Sometimes I want to kill myself just to truly prove that I am suicidal to those who won't believe me
It's funny how you're "not responsible for anyone else's" happiness until suicide is in the picture...
What the fuck is wrong with you people
It tasted like SHIT.
26 year old burnout and have finally realized I am not cut out for life.
Am I suicidal or just a lazy fuck pretending to be for attention ?
I know I will kill myself one day
You Saved Me.
It's so sad how happy and peaceful you feel when you've decided you're going to kill yourself...
Hi Reddit. I decided that I going to write a suicide note*, and that I will kill myself after I write it.
Holy shit. It got better.
Hello suicide watch family!
Smile and stay quiet
My boyfriend took his own life a month ago. I don’t want to be here without him anymore.
Fuck you, brain.
Goodbye everyone. I'm doing it now.
An update of 'I give up, I'm hanging myself tonight'
Thanks...
I just attempted
Cat poop saved me from myself today.
I fucking hate /r/theredpill.
So it's my birthday
Just told Mom I want to die. She told me to die.
Somebody on the street just saved my life.
Still here!
PSA: please upvote this comment to help reform modding capabities so we can better run SW
How many of you guys talk to yourselves?
Just a story I wanted to tell.
Why wont people realize how urgent Suicudal Depression is?
Saw my brothers goodbye post here a couple days ago.
I opened up to someone only to be judged.
Well fuck
my girlfriend ended her life.
I'm a survivor of sex trafficking. I want to die.
If I could go back in time I would tell my younger self to just end it as quick as possible
The police stopped me because I look 12. I'm 26. I've never felt so low in my entire life.
Every time I come home my dog is so happy to see me. The thought of making him sad and suddenly never seeing me again is one of the main things stopping me
April
My mom commited suicide today.
The "Suicide Methods" troll is still active today!  If you get a an official-looking PM with suicide methods, please use the "message the moderators" link right to report.  
wake up, suffer, sleep, repeat
Girlfriend and her mom kicked me out because I'm suicidal. I'm still suicidal
Five years posting in this subreddit and this is my final post.
My girlfriend [17F] attempted suicide last night. I [17M] really don't know what to do anymore.
My little brother almost succeeded in killing his self by hanging yesterday. I barely got there in time
I'm homeless. The hate I get is ridiculous.
Killing myself in two weeks. I have no choice.
I'm eventually going to kill myself. Does anyone else feel this way?
Just got out of the psych ward after a week. I’m no longer suicidal.
Anyone else feel they want to kill themselves but aren't really depressed?
I hate the "but there are people who care about you" excuse
I can't go on without her
Nearly 40 years in, haven't found any place, nobody talks to me, nobody loves me or even thinks about me. There is literally no point in keeping myself alive.
So last night I got a phone call from the cops
Found the start of a suicide note in my 14 year olds room tonight
Turned 28 today and the lack of happy birthday messages made me realize how small my life is. It's better I don't exist anymore.
I will probably be dead by the end of the weekend. This may be my final post. Thank you all.
If I kill myself I won’t be depressed anymore...
Reminder! If you get a PM with links to suicide methods, this is a KNOWN TROLL (even if they seem polite). Please use the "message the moderators" link at right and copy/past the PM into a message to us.
People who have seriously considered suicide: can you describe the type of help and support from your family that was beneficial and also what types of help made things worse? I’m seeking guidance to support my daughters who frequently experience suicidal thinking.
R/depression downvoted and ignored my note so I'll try here
I just want the crushing loneliness to end
when i was a kid, i had a simple dream: to live in a one bedroom-apartment all by myself. with nobody else around.
[META] A plea for r/SuicideWatch subscribers to post more.
goodbye I can't take this pain anymore
I'm losing interest in life
I'm 28 and never really "lived", now it seems too late.
I texted everyone 'I love you' and I wrote the note.
Suicide by husband
Feb. 20th was the day I had planned to kill myself
So I went to the doctor because of my suicidal thoughts
Does anyone else here just *know* they will eventually end up going through with it?
Don Ritchie saved over 500 people from suicide. He lived near 'The Gap' an infamous ocean cliff where hundreds of people have gone to commit suicide. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia and was named a Local Hero in 2011. He died peacefully today in his home at 85 years old.
A note to ANYONE browsing this subreddit that is thinking about taking their life
I voluntarily admitted myself today.
95% want to die, 5% want someone to realise I need help.
Don't worry, it will get better
So, I know what an attempted hanging feels like now...
PSA: Our latest PM troll is sending "No one truly cares about you except your family and closest friends..." If you get one, please send reddit account info to the moderators.
From The SuicideWatch Mod Team:  If you're here to help, please contribute by responding to our OPs.  Don't just announce "I'm here to help" and don't solicit PMs.   If you really ARE helping out here, anybody lurking because they're afraid to post will find you. 
Normal response to a f$@k'd society = suicidal.
I lost my brother, here's how I feel.
For the first time I got help before another attempt
Why is it so hard to be kind?
suicide permanent solution to a PERMANENT problem
I had the calmest suicide attempt last night
Fuck being a woman
I'm sick of fighting so hard to get better and just ending up back as a depressed sack of shit again.
I never got to be a teenager.
I am not very artistic whatsoever, but I felt that I should thank everyone here in a rather upbeat manner. : )
I did it. I told someone.
I don't even want to kill myself anymore, I want to be murdered. I really want to die.
Dear r/suicidewatch, my Christmas card for you
Do you ever feed your suicidal feelings?
I wanna die. Been through rape, trafficking, abuse, bullying. I cant do this.
Nobody really cares before you have done it
Lost my son
just want to update you all and say thank you.
My last words.
I survived my attempt today, Thank God
No cure for autism exists, so suicide is a permanent solution to a permanent problem. I wish I could be a socially skilled neurotypical who fits into society properly instead of a fucking autist doomed to be a loser outcast pariah. I envy neurotypicals so much. Since I can't be cured I want to die
my sister (F 19) asked me (F 21) for permission to kill herself
Suicide is pain. But live in this world is even more pain than suicide.
Do I stay alive for my 4-year-old at this point?
It's my birthday tomorrow, I'm scared that nobody will remember me.
My daughter took her life. It totaled our family. 300 sweet punks showed up to grieve. This is what I said to them.
The think I dislike most
Anyone else understand what it feels like to truly hate yourself?
I'm a mother, wife, student, and generally well-liked. I tried to kill myself last night.
Still here. Got so drunk I passed out so I didn't kill myself. I woke up in a shitty hostel. With a huge bump on my forehead. I didn't even know how that happened. I have lost 10 pounds in one week. I can't. I'm seeking help.
Just because I'm not "suicidal" right now, doesn't mean I don't wish i was dead
I wish I could donate my life span to someone who deserves to live
Nobody cares until you're dead
She did it. Please don't do it!
Thank you r/SuicideWatch
I wish I wasn't terrified to kill myself.
I disappear during my depressive episodes, but when I come back people make me feel shittier about doing so.
My son died on Friday and my husband left me on Sunday
I’m tired of being told “it’ll be okay.”
About six months to go for this impoverished senior woman.
In 3 days, this will all finally be over! - UPDATE
Goodbye.
At 20 years old I've become homeless, starving, and alone all because my parents found out I'm attracted to guys.
I returned my supplies for suicide today.
Boyfriend called me a slut
Just another teenage suicide.
Realizing you dont have anybody to fall back on sucks.
Selling my body to pay my debts
I cant do this. I can't live with severe brain damage.
What's wrong with "It Gets Better"? What if it doesn't?
Don't forget, reddit is shutting down tomorrow (Jan 18) from 8am-8pm to protest SOPA. If you were thinking of posting and need immediate help, please write something up as soon as possible to give time for others to respond before the blackout.
My son tried to kill himself today. Will he ever not want to die?
I don't want to kill myself but I don't enjoy life
I'm sick of hearing 'Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem'
Weed is the only thing keeping me alive.
I don’t want to die anymore
i had surgery for a blocked nose - nerves were damaged - i want to die
I was going to kill myself today...
All I wish for, everyday, is to die in some accident
to all the lonely young adults...
In honor of my brother.  He committed suicide a year ago, and this is what life was like directly after.  Please read.
Today, I did not contemplate killing myself.
If I had the gun with me I'd kill myself tonight.
at this point i don’t even want to kill myself, i just want to never been born
My boyfriend killed himself, and all our common friends blocked me thinking it was because of me
Jumping off a bridge in a few hours
I took a lot of pills last night. I’m disappointed I woke up.
Any one else think of suicide but are afraid to actually do it?
i fantasize about people's reaction to me committing suicide
It sucks when you wanna die but have nothing to kill your self with
Someone smiled at me on the elevator to the top floor
Sometimes I wish that I could leave this earth without hurting others.
A year ago I asked for help from you all
I'm sorry I couldn't anymore...
The worst part about being suicidal is having to hide it.
Never thought I’d be here
Thank you.
I'm in my car now at school with sleeping pills and a gallon of gas. I'm gonna crash my car into the highway without a seatbelt in about 10 minutes. I've said my last prayers, asked for forgiveness, and I'm ready to go home. I'm writing this instead of a letter so it's preserved online forever.
The only reason I haven't committed suicide
I doubt they're on here, but if they are, thank you so much to the stranger who talked me off the train tracks today.
I'm signing off. goodbye reddit, everyone who read my stories, thanks for the good times.
Today I lost my job
I love you guys. Contact me if you need help.
So you may get no awards.  You didn't get recognized.  You barely get any karma.  
I envy the people that have the courage to kill themselves
Does anyone else wish they could peek into the future to see if there is any semblance of happiness?
Please listen to my story. I lost everything
Mini-Rant: I am tired of needing distractions from life. I want a reason to look forward to life itself, not distractions from life.
I didn't kill myself today, and it's because of this community right here. Thank you.
23 years old, diagnosed last week with stage IV braincancer, 2 months to live..tops
I called the suicide hotline and now I feel worse!
Tomorrow is my last day on earth.
Nothing feeds depression like being hated by the most charismatic people in your community
9 months ago, I posted here.
I never asked to be born
How do people enjoy living?
Does anyone else just calmly want to die?
Tonight my story will end, before I go, I want to tell someone for the first time in my life the truth about what has happened to me.
Room service lady left me a nice note during my darkest hour. Just thought I'd share.
Update: 23 years old, stage IV braincancer, 2 weeks to go..
Fuck I feel so alone
I'm hanging myself in half an hour
My cat died
Anyone else just waiting for their parents?
My husband killed himself Monday night. I'm struggling.
So I made a video on YouTube about my depression
Hey, I'm the happiest person you know!
Sometimes I feel like I just... slacking off because I'm going to 'kill myself anyway so why bother'
Last night I posted a long note that I barely remember while I was in a suicidal fit. Thanks to all that replied, you made me feel a lot better.
UPDATE: if i have aids it's over
The suicide hotline hung up on me. I feel so sad.
update: got taken to a crisis center
Life is not meant for lazy people
I’m out!
Both my parents tried to kill themselves last week
that's life
I like being asleep more than being alive.
I was raped last night and I don't know what to do
I'm only 16 and the scariest thought is that i have to live for another 65 years.
I finally told someone!
Both of my kiddos tell me to go kill myself.
10 days.
From a survivor; what happens to your family
The only thing that stops me from ending it is the fear of not being able to successfully kill myself
I'm simultaneously afraid of death and tempted by it at the same time. It's like a seduction, a soothing deep, dark voice saying to me "It just wasn't meant to be, you weren't meant to be here. It's just a little thing, to die. Perhaps it would be an adventure, like in the fantasy movies."
I don't want to kill myself or die, I just want to disappear and be forgotten.
I hate myself because I'm a pedophile
I was raped and now I might be pregnant.
I don't want to die. But I don't want to live.
Does anyone else feel like complete shit every morning?
This is so stupid.
I am a first responder
I just tried to kill myself. And I'm shocked/relieved that I woke up.
Last night, I tried to kill myself in front of my brother and my mother.
[Update] I've already taken the pills, so I don't know why I'm posting.
I overdosed in May, here's what happens at the ER. Who knows, this might help.
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day, remember, if you need to talk there's is always someone here to listen
If anyone ever needs someone to talk to around NYC/NJ, I will meet you on a park bench and listen for hours. I'll even buy you a cupcake.
FUCK YOU YOU STUPID FUCKING UNLIKEABLE UNLOVABLE PIECE OF SHIT FUCKING DIE NOBODY GIVES A FUCK HAVENT THEY MADE THAT CLEAR
Honestly it just hit me becoming a adult is one of the worst things in existence and it's equivalent to death.
The Sooner I Die, The Better. In 20 minutes.
My suicide note
My mom asked me for my wishlist for my birthday...
All I want this Christmas is to kill myself!
Too scared to live, too scared to die
Anyone else postponing their suicide for meaningless things?
I'm a pedophile. So I'm pretty sure I'll end it now.
This might just come to be known as the last photo ever taken of me.
thanks reddit
Is there a way of committing suicide without actually committing suicide? Just like disappearing into thin air
We're A Disease
I Want To Kill Myself, Because I Cannot Stand Summer.
There is no help out there. Hotlines don't connect me. Textlines are always unavailable. Therapists might as well be robots. People here have nothing helpful to say besides "hang in there". If you don't have family or friends, you have no one.
I can smell the gasoline on my clothes.
My dad encouraged me to commit suicide and my mom witnessed it and didn't say anything
Lost the love of my life and my best friend. Homeless as of next Friday. No job. Abysmal credit. $70 to my name. Was raped and sexually abused by both parents until I escaped at 18.
This is to every Watcher on here.
Life is work. Work is life.
I wish I could make my suicide look like an accident
I thought that the blanket "it gets better" platitudes weren't allowed here
Nothing left to give.
Thank You So, So Much
From: a sister left behind. 
Becoming less human
You know when you finally think it's getting better, then a load of shit just happens after another, reminding you why your time on earth is shit?
Called 911 on a friend after receiving suicidal texts followed by radio silence, now met with anguish from friend
No help for the chronically suicidal
I’m (thankfully) taking off
goodbye
My final goodbye - Have a read please.
The Suicide Hotline was the most unhelpful place I could ever reach out to.
PSA: Don't pretend you want to help you dicks
My brother just committed suicide
It’s unfair that I stick around just because others want me to.
Depression kills, but first it destroys
I’m telling my parents tomorrow I’ve been depressed and suicidal.
Somebody Talk To Me, If You Would Be So Kind
My biggest reason to live is that I'm waiting to afford a gaming PC
I'm living for everyone around me. Why can't they just let me leave?
Fuck it, i'm doing it.
Finally got myself together
I pulled the trigger.
got rid of the ropes
Girlfriend committed suicide tonight.. I might too.
My wife is suicidal. Yesterday was her second halted attempt within a single week. In the middle of an hysterical crying fit, she told me to write something I said down, and to post it here.
I wish I had terminal illness
I called the suicide prevention hotline and got hung up on twice
People don't want me, but they want me to stick around. Fuck them.
Suicidal, Begging For Help and Turned Away - Retaliation From A Crisis Center Because I Turned In My Sexually Deviant Therapist
Raped at 12 and 13 years later still suicidal.
I LoVE it when people cut you from their life for being depressed
I'm about to kill myself.
Bye reddit. I'm doing it tonight.
I didn't kill myself today.
Today my grandmother looked right at me and said "you just need to suck it up, life is nothing but work and you'll be lucky if you have anything to show for it" and honestly I am coming close to ending things
I am a loser
I jumped, but I missed.
Got to 35 today
I don’t know where to post this, but my SO called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and was told “You figure it out and call me back.” And was hung up on. Later that night, he harmed himself pretty badly.
Decided to try losing weight instead of killing myself.
*TRIGGER WARNING* I swallowed a bunch of my anticonvulsants and I feel myself slipping away
Wanting to see the end of Game of Thrones is one the reasons I want to live (at least for another year)
In about 7-8 hours, I will be history!
I lived today, SW
My Brother Threw Himself In Front of a Train
I've been on suicide watch for a few weeks now. Today, I went sky diving for my birthday. I want to live.
I wish there was a brain tumour swap program where I can have their tumour and die and they can have a healthy life
I can't believe what I'm reading. 
Goodbye
I hate everything I love because it stands between me and suicide
I'm Literally in the Parking Lot of a Psychiatric Hospital.
I want someone to love me
Reconsidering suicide because of Super Smash Bros 5
Low suspension hanging
My fiancé raped me while he was blacked out.
I had written a few days ago that i wanted to commit suicide on the 13th, but i've ultimately decided not to go through with it.
Jesus Christ, guys, you are not helpful.
My husband threw a pistol into the bedroom and told me to shoot myself.
Whats the point of therapy when i can't even tell them i'm suicidal without being committed?
I'm sorry, r/suicidewatch.
Told my dad I'm suicidal. He responded 'that's just stupid' and changed topic
Why the hell is it so hard to commit suicide
The only thing keeping me alive is that I don’t want to hurt my parents.
being alive hurts.
Thank you and goodbye
49 year old virgin ready to kill himself
Looking at my crush having a fun time without me makes me want to kill myself
I made my husband cry
called the national suicide hotline. Felt guilty. Girl on the other end seemed scared
UPDATE to Just Got Fired for Being Suicidal
Merry Christmas everyone
Some of you are not helping.
anyone else lose the ability to speak when you're suicidal?
I tried killing myself at school
My body rejected the sleeping pills I tried to use to kill myself. I woke up a few hours ago and I feel completely lost, confused, and I don't know how to move forward
Autism/Aspergers is a death sentence.
Sitting here on my phone, with my dog, about to kill myself. Please help. Alone in life. No friends no girlfriend. Worthless. Useless. Gonna do everyone a favor.
I survived my attempt
I'm a 15yr old drop out who's given up.
I wish I could switch places with depressed rich people
My parents told me to kill myself...
Story from someone who tried to kill herself and failed.
I'm now a quadriplegic. I don't even have the ability to hold a knife or pour pills in my mouth...why am I alive?
Remember: if you see a troll, downvote the comment, report it, then message the mods.
Thinking about killing myself or dying is the only thing that helps me calm down or feel less stressed
I'm not actively suicidal, but if I died tomorrow, I'd have no problem.
Anyone else just want to die?
Why do people think you must show signs of depression (or that you’re suicidal) in order to validate the fact that you’re actually depressed?
My mom wants to kill herself too if I commit suicide
I wish that no cared me so that when I die, no one would be sad
What's the point in being alive if i hate every second of it?
I just want to fall asleep next to someone and never wake up.
My wife survived her attempt and I need help
SO tells me to kill myself. A lot.
Are our pets keeping us alive?
Suicide scares me, but staying alive seems like the shittier option.
My cat is literally keeping me alive.
Thank you
My wife happened across a comment on this sub...
I'm ending it. Goodbye.
I can never understand people who are truly happy. It seems fake to me, even when it’s supposedly real.
They told me to travel before I committed to killing myself
My life was saved last night - Their is some hope
Time to kill myself because I'm a handicapped disabled retard and no one wants me to work.
Fiancee just tried to kill herself. Son died a week ago. She may not make it and could die within the hour give me ONE FUCKING REASON not to do it right now.
Thank you everyone.  The world is a better place because r/SuicideWatch exists, and its good to know there are people out there to talk to.
Pm Troll and What You Need to Know
UPDATE: I'm okay, guys. And no longer suicidal.
If you get a PM with links to sites with suicide methods, this is a known troll.  Please use the "Message the Moderators" link at right, and copy/past the PM into a message to us.  We will take it from there. 
yall ever look at yourself in the mirror and feel sick because of how ugly you are?
Looking at attractive guys online has made me realize how absolutely disgusting I am... I want to just be nothing...
Suicide feels like the only viable option left sometimes.
Am I the only one who doesn't think "if," but rather "when"?
I feel more and more that I will end up killing myself one day
I didn't die last night.
What's worse than wanting to die is knowing that you have to stay alive for family.
Goodbye
I think I am going to kill myself. Maybe not today, or next week, or even next year. But I can feel it. I will end my life...on my own terms.
Always feel like eventually I'll commit suicide
I just got discharged from a homeless shelter... I'm going to freeze to death tonight.
I'm gonna try something
My life just came crashing down around me, I've lost the only person I care about, and I don't know what to do
They're making The Hobbit. I'm going to graduate college in a few weeks. I'm going to grad school. It's a sunny day. Guess suicide is off.
Fuck child molesters, and fuck parents who let their religious beliefs get in the way of loving their children.  Suicide note from a PhD student.
suicide attempt fucked up my life
Why do people get so melodramatic on these posts?
Why do I have to keep living if I didn't ask to be born in the first place?
I failed. I'm happy about it.
Agoraphobia
Does it count as being suicidal if you know you're too fucking scared of pain to actually go through with anything?
If I kill myself, my narcissistic family will use the "tragedy" as a way to garner attention for themselves.
A game saved my life today
You guys literally saved my life.
Okay, Everyone, go find threads with little or no comments and post on them & upvote them. 
Redditor in need of help over in /IAmA
I am a digg refugee and I can help.
Girlfriend of almost 4 years just broke up with me out of nowhere. We wanted to get married. Fuck.
Just tired of doing this shit called life
Thanks everyone :)
This sounds absolutely disgusting and selfish and terrible- I want to kill myself so that my friends will finally care about me
I wish I was Russia's enemy
Not built to live in a competitive world.
I LIVED!!!
Anyone else wishing for cancer or some other terminal illness?
i got drug tested today and i want to die
My sincere thanks to all you caring souls
I let my friend kill himself.
My dad told me to kill myself
Daily Cycle (X-post from depression) anyone know how to break it?
To all the well intentioned yet ill informed...
The people who know me dont know me
I think i'm going to off myself after the new year toast.
I nearly killed myself last night
Every time my mom yells at me I want to kill myself
I tried to suffocate/co2 poison myself yesterday but once I passed out I guess I took the garbage bag off. Thinking of a new technique today. What a weird feeling to 100% try but fail and wake up. Mad that I woke up.
Just wasted $10,000
I am committing Suicide
Is anyone else staying alive just for their parents?
All I do is hurt my friends. I push them constantly to see if they'd leave me like all the ones before and then get hurt when they do. I don't know how to stop
(:
Went to the ER yesterday after an overdose. Told I was seeking attention and liked being admitted to psych wards before being discharged.
I wish everyone in my life would just give me permission.
The calmness that comes with being actively suicidal
It's okay to ignore this
Attempted suicide, was in a psych ward for a week. Completely changed my life and views.
Goodbye, dad. You piece of shit.
i just got out of an institution for a suicide attempt and my boyfriend immediately broke up with me
Honestly, i dont want to die, i just dont want to live either.
"It's a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
The biggest mistake I've ever made was asking friends and family for help.
Thank you, r/suicidewatch
i woke up in a hospital bed
Thanks Google, you are awesome
The smile doesnt tell the truth
I give up, I'm hanging myself tonight.
I’ve decided to give myself until August 1 to improve and if things aren’t improved by then, I will kill myself
Got a gun in my mouth, i have never been more ready
Fuck life. Fuck Everything.
I am done being everyone's fool.
My boyfriend committed suicide, and I think Im heading down the same road.
I did it. I feel peace coming.
Sitting in a bar.. next to my "friends" googling how to kill myself
I hope death is nothingness.
Does anyone else hate themselves so much it's unbearable?
Dear Courtney, thank you for everything.
All I want is to go to sleep in 2016 and not wake up in 2017
My sister killed herself..
Thanks Again
My dad has no idea, how many times he has saved my life.
Anybody else don't have particular problems plaguing them, but rather lack desire to do anything?
Things I would miss if I killed myself.
I lost my dad, my job, and my mom within one year. Already had depression. Can't cope with this.
So I'm not immediately killing myself but I think I might just end up killing myself.
After weeks of planning my suicide, one 2-minute phone call ruined everything
Tomorrow is the day
My friend is trying to kill himself
I’m afraid to die, but I’m afraid to live too
For Ryan, if you ever find this
I literally created an account on reddit for this
Please read my story.
If i knew no one would be sad i would just end it all
The things people tell you after a suicide attempt(maybe trigger warning?)
I missed a terrorist attack by 5 minutes, and I wish I hadn't.
I'm in trouble. Advice please?
A little motivation for everyone here :)
This is goodbye. Thank you all for your kindness and support.
I will kill myself eventually
Thinking about ending my life is the most enjoyable thing in it.
too scared to live a decent life, too scared to go through the ordeal of dying, stuck in bed crying all day wishing i never existed in the first place
My therapist wanted a friend
Writing this with a 12ga in my mouth
How common is it to have constant suicidal ideation for years?
I'm still here.
Isn't dying once better than living whole life as a loser?
Today while I was driving my mom pressured me to crash the car
He saved me
So if someone says"do ___ or I'll kill myself" you don't reeeeaaally have to right? My suicidal, uh, "friend" is making demands of me and I'm scared.
[28m]: Both parents died earlier this year. No other family whatsoever. Zero friends. Soul-crushing underpaid overworked job. Can't feel happiness anymore.
I don't want to kill myself but I hope I die soon.
I have applied to 120 jobs in 2 months, and they're jobs I'm more than qualified for. I haven't even gotten an interview. I can't keep living.
Would someone care to chat with me? I am a 37 year old guy. I am going through a divorce. I am also under employed or unemployed for a long time now.
I'm going to end up a serial killer if I don't kill myself
My son's xbox live friend is thinking of committing suicide.. WTH can I do?
I used to be a good person
If just one person would read this, it would give me a small spark of hope in the endless night.
I had a dream and now I don't want to die.
Redditors of SW, I just want to say thank you so much for everything you've done.
I have lost $60,000 gambling with Bitcoin. I have failed my family. Considering suicide.
This sub is truly amazing
I was told to post here. 
My friend posted this on Facebook. One of the realest thing I've ever read. 
(x-post from /r/teenagers)
Hi my lovelies.. I made this offer in r/depression as well.. but if it makes you smile, I will draw you a really bad doodle of anything that'll make you smile even for a second. I will also chat, if you would like, until your fingers are sore. <3
The letter I wrote to the police officer who found me in the course of a failed suicide attempt. 
Tired of being called "slow" and stupid
It's my birthday today and I want to die
this world isnt for me
I don’t have any emotions. I feel numb.
Ever felt so painful you can literally feel your heart ache?
Why do ppl always guilt trip depressed people?
Please help me...I've posted here a few times and I don't wanna seem needy, but I am needy and I'm ashamed to be. I need someone to talk to. Can't sleep and I want to kill myself tonight or tomorrow morning.
Anybody else suicidal because of social anxiety?
I should be dead right now
So I bought a new gun. Tonight is the night
My suicide note to whoever wants to read this. I'll be gone by the end of the week, I promise. This is not a cry for help. I'm at peace with leaving this world and I can't wait to die.
I just phoned the samaritans and they fucking mocked me
How do I understand what my daughter is going through and what can I do?
I took the pills. Goodbye, ...
[Update] I'm alive.
I just want a single friend
If i get kicked out I'm going to kill myself.
My story (28F)
I just wish I could feel what love's like before I died
I will kill myself because I’m out of options.
Anyone else here not really want to kill themselves (out of fear or otherwise) but instead hopes a death without own engagement?
I survived
I wish I could just become ill of something that will kill me
The pain is so intense I'm crying my eyes out I want this all to end
Update on my gf
I wouldn't kill myself but if a car hit me I would be kinda happy
33, Male, Had a promising future, Now 0 friends, Permanent? health problems, Jobless for years, Live-with family treats me like a problem rather than a person, Feel like the world is insane and people are fucked up (perhaps beyond hope)
Tomorrow is July 4th, and I'm (16m) gonna shoot myself before anyone is able to react tomorrow.
A solar light saved my life
Now not suicidal. Thank you, Redditors
Reddit user is posting my nudes on facebook and creating fake accounts under my name.
End of the line - black male 29
But you *are* alone
I (14m) was being raped by a close friend (22f) constantly for years. She killed herself.
How painful will hanging be?
Thankyou. So fucking much.
No more suicide watch needed
This is a prime example of why I'm reluctant to talk to anyone about "what's wrong"
I wrote this affirmation for myself, to read when I'm feeling suicidal. Posting it here in case any of it resonates with people hurting right now.
I wish I was never born, I wish I never had my first breath
I've lost every reason to keep living except for my fear of death.
How the fuck am I supposed to be myself
best friend saved me without even knowing
How the fuck are we supposed to get help if no one helps
Thank you; I still want to live.
No one gives a shit about me
Why does no one care when others cry at work?
I attempted suicide on christmas eve
I'm still trying to figure out why the people who are meanest to you are also the ones telling you not to kill yourself.
Just got paid and have 100.00 to live off of for 2 weeks.
Every time I open up about depression I lose friends
Super Mario odyssey was amazing(this is somewhat relevant)
I am a doctor from Singapore.... I can see my lifeless corpse hanging in the public toilet
I sincerely feel I successfully committed suicide in 2001... seriously.
My boyfriend attempted suicide and will mostlikely succumb to his injuries today.
I'm fed up with suicide being called selfish. I deserve to kill myself if I want.
Sometimes UrbanDictionary.com suprises me...
We’re fucked aren’t we?
I don't even care about getting better anymore, i just want to die
I’m so fucking tired of being alive
Stop telling me to just "Get help". I did, and after 16 years, I assure you: IT DOESN'T ALWAYS WORK!
why is killing myself a selfish thing? its my life is it not?
I think about killing myself almost 24/7.
If I'm too lazy to work, am I just meant to kill myself?
Suicide, the permanent solution to a permanent problem.
I have been depressed and suicidal my whole life, I can't take it anymore.
I attempted suicide on Monday. I wish I had committed instead of attempted.
If I don't get help, I'm going to kill myself. If I DO get help, I lose everything. What do I do?
Do you ever get the feeling that it's only a matter of time before you do it?
Tonight is the night.. Thank you to everyone in this subreddit who has ever reached out. You are fighting the good fight.
You people are the reason I am still alive.
Fuck this
Well, I did it...I just want to say I love you to my family.
People of Reddit saved me last night, and I promise to continue what they did.
How is this level of pain possible?
Led on by a girl for the second time. I'm numb
House empty for next 2 days, this is goodbye I guess
17f I just want a friend
I'm on suicide watch for a 12yo boy please help
Done with school, done with life
"move out if youre unhappy" "get a job"
What if some people are built to be alone
I wish i could die and not hurt my family
Just stop
I gave it one more year. I'm done. I'll never have anyone.
Ironic.
Hey, God? If you've existed all this time, mind doing a coward a favor and ending me already?
when you try your best but youre still a useless piece of garbage that nobody will ever care about. 😢🔫
Tried to kill myself and failed.
Happy Birthday to me.
Seriously, seems like people don't give a fuck unless you're dead.
wrote my suicide note, and am actually going through with it right now as I type this out.
Tried venting to my only friend (who knows I'm suicidal), got told to fuck off.
I woke up in a good mood today and decided to make a frozen pizza because I wanted one
i lost my mother today
"One more happy day."
Female on Male rape victim.
The saddest part... this subreddit. So many people looking for help, no one listening.
Why is suicide more selfish than other people wanting me to live in misery?
A little over a year ago I got a kitten
Just a story I wanted to share about how Omegle saved my life.
Something more positive... "If I had killed myself this time last year, I wouldn't have gotten to _______". Fill in the blank; I'll start.
Yesterday was my birthday
This was Andrea
Third. This is the third one that has run from me. Fled like I am some plague-ridden monster. Don't tell me there's not a trend. There's a common denominator, and it's me.
I made the current logo a while back. I've made some alterations; what do you think?
I knew I wouldn't make it to November. I'm homeless, I have no family or other supports, I have so many mental health problems I could be 10 different case studies. I have a job but cant afford a place to stay so I can work, tonight I'm going to hang myself in the woods. I can't be helped anymore.
I’m in so much pain right now
Fuck it. Goodbye
Please help. I'm a NEET wasting his life away in his room, desperate for an escape.
How do you tell a loved one you want to end your life?
I want to kill myself but i can’t hurt my mom
People only give a shit about child abuse when the victim is still a child.
I'm going to tell my mom about my depression today
Painful goodbye
Response: 4 Reasons Not To Kill Yourself
Fuck me
I am a homeless guy and i am very tired of life
Asian parents don't fucking understand mental disorders
I haven't killed myself just for my family
Stop recommending me therapy! I need to be LOVED. I don't need to pay money to a stranger who likely won't help me
Please just help me. Just a word or two.
Ever just sit and think "yep I am gonna suffer for a long ass time all because two people who had no business having children decided they needed a second"
Something New - an automod message to helpers (don't panic!)
I turned 55 two weeks ago and now I'm finally ready to kill myself.
UPDATE: I won't do it.
Just thought you all should know that this place saved me
the perfect thing to see if you're having a bad day and need to believe that there are still some good people in the world. 
My boyfriend of two years broke up with me over text
Being suicidal is turning me into an awful person.
2 and a half week update since I tried to kill myself.
I can't even commit suicide.
In an abusive home, and my way out is killing me
I am so lucky yet have suicidal thoughts everyday
I hope someone kills me.
Hate my sexuality
Just want to die and see my boyfriend again
Why should a homeless transgender 21 year old girl not kill themselves?
I escaped a 72 hour suicide watch hospital...
I gave myself a year to fix my life, the year is up tomorrow
I hate how teen depression is dismissed as "angst"
does anyone wish they had never been born?
I'm 99.9% sure I'm going to die alone
I just found out that my wife is carrying another man's child and that she lied to me for years about not wanting kids. I just need someone to tell me it will all be okay.
I don't understand why suicide is so frowned upon.
Too embarrassed to use my longtime reddit username. Unemployed, hungry, homeless, no wife, no kids. In a few hours I'll be without technology. After that, I'll try to commit a crime to get arrested so I have shelter. If I don't get thrown in jail, I'll end my life from the choices I have.
Last night, I saved my best friend's life.
WARNING: my shitty experience with hotlines.
[X-posted] Just remember that humans aren't the only thing you leave behind.
I love you :-)
I was in a car accident 3 weeks ago...
My boyfriend told me he doesn’t believe I have the guts to kill myself.
Wemt to the doctors and got sent to a mental hospital.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
I'm privileged as fuck yet here I am
I'm dying as we speak
What's the point of living when you dislike yourself?
Today is my 21st birthday. I spent it alone in my room desperately wishing my loneliness would subside just for one day. I don’t think I’m going to do anything that would hurt myself tonight, I’d just really like a friend I think.
The worst part about suicidal ideations is going to bed because you don't want to wake up tmrw.
Im told to open up... That im not a burden. But no one really wants that. They just want to be able yo to say "i tried to get him to open up about it" so they dont feel guilty.
Nobody Cares. Killing myself tonight.
Does anyone else ever feel like they don’t want to die, but rather just go to sleep for a few months, or a year?
My cat hasn't left my side.
People that say suicide isn't the only option don't know what it's like to feel dead inside.
I am never going to kill myself
My fiance killed himself after a fight with me. How do I go on? How do I live with the guilt?
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline saved my life last night.
i feel like people secretly hate me
Tbh I find it strange that there are people who DON’T have a death wish
"A girlfriend won't solve anything."
Everything's just gonna get worse, isn't it?
Life is too long
What's the point of a therapist if you can't tell them you're suicidal...
I'm mediocre at everything, even stuff I used to be passionate about
17 y/o girl & suicidal, need to vent
I cannot handle the stress anymore, will jump off my apartment balcony at 3am.
I can't imagine a future where I don't kill myself
I'm human waste
My dad told me to drink poison
I'm at the bottom. Girlfriend cheated and ripped me apart while telling me
Good people of /r/suicidewatch, just a reminder that your efforts are greatly appreciated by Reddit.
[Update] Its been a good run, 20 years and ending tonight about 3 weeks from me being 21.
Being "suicidal" but knowing you'll never do it
If you think nobody cares, I do, and here's why.
I just want to say thank you. 
Don't write "PM me if you need to talk" if you aren't going to follow through. 
She grabbed my lonely fragile heart tore it into pieces and left me to die
ILL NEVER BE GOOD ENOUGH FOR FUCKING ANYBODY
I was sexually assaulted two years ago and now my friends are hanging out with him
why do i never get a response
im actually annoyed at my parents for caring so much about me
Next Saturday I’ll hopefully be dead
A little over a week ago I wanted to kill myself. Today I still want to kill myself but not as much.
I have cancer and my life is constantly getting worse
Does anyone feel like they're living in a nightmare they can't wake up from?
A guide to the mind of someone contemplating death
Sat in a ditch by some train tracks. Apologies for typos my fingers are cold and I'm on mobile.
Life sucks, then you die
I haven't killed myself yet because I don't wanna hurt my family.
My dad told me "go commit suicide, I don't care."
Please participate in Research Study geared toward understanding Suicidal Thoughts/Behaviors [18+, US only]
Deleted everything. Now I will delete myself.
I was raped and I want to leave this wretched body behind.
Advice please. ❤️
Why is it everyone else is able to do their school work without wanting to kill themselves, but I can't?
My girlfriend committed suicide two months ago, I want to join her
I reached out and got the help that I wanted. I'm taken seriously now. I even managed to make a friend out of all this. Just saying, thank you all for letting me rant. I hope you're all well.
PLEASE I NEED HELP, I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO, MY BESTFRIEND RAPED ME, I WANT TO DIE SO BAD
He would have turned 19 today. Over 2yrs and I still miss my brother.
Take 5 seconds listen to this dude
I went into a mental health facility to get help. They called the police on me within ten minutes of me being there...
I think suicide is justified
My birthday
Does anyone else believe that some people CAN'T be helped? (Mostly rant)
Anyone else against getting help?
I think I know the date I died, but my body never caught up. (possibly some trigger warnings)
I'm so pathetic that I can't kill myself because of finals lmao
kill me kill me kill me
I'm going to kill myself.
I'm so lonely, it physically hurts.
Have been depressed for months. I have 2 tumors and I've never felt so happy.
Please hear me. I have no one to listen to me
Just saying goodbye
The only reason I'm alive is because I don't have the balls to kill myself
